VIDEO 01: https://youtu.be/IACFWdpkGtg

Good morning, everyone. Today is Wednesday, June 3rd. And this is the Blueprint Open. We're going to start taking a look at the evening S&amp;P. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and [music] if you recall, we drew a Fibonacci on Monday cuz I was out of the office yesterday. And that Fibonacci is still holding very well. It's still holding really well in terms of overall volume. We've got a couple of important places that I want to show us. So, first things first, we have the gamma wall here sitting at 17 7594. That's the That's going to be the gamma flip where we go from positive gamma to negative gamma. That 200 simple moving average is sitting there. It does look like mean reversion. Things have been very messy on the way up through the last couple of days. What we do notice is that we are essentially still sideways. We had a double top yesterday that faded and bounced again into another topping formation. And we had very light volume on the close. So, very small participation. The market is waiting on something. Most certainly, but these will be our two edges that we stare down. The MOC from last week Friday and yesterday's MOC. So, let's do what we always do. First, assess trend. It's positive. Right? We are in an uptrending 50. We broke below it. Now, we're trying to recapture it. We've got a downward you know, if my brain were not a sieve, I would remember what this moving average is. So, let's take a peek at it. 20. Okay. So, the 20 simple moving average is grinding up to flat, but here's what I notice that tells me we're slightly to have ourselves another breakout. We're still making higher lows in this formation. Now, if we lose the line at 7612, where the pivot is sitting, chances are we will go down into the prior MOC, excuse me, the MOC of Friday that is still really pretty strong. Notice the volume. The volume is fairly big. And so, my suspicion is that's what we're doing. As long as we do not breach and then stay there. So, we'd want to watch for the look above and fail for the short quick action into 7607 and then we can see if it can continue into 7594, or we bounce with another higher low, and [clears throat] the price action takes us up into the call wall, which is currently still 7650. The put wall still very far below us. But, much higher than it was. Remember, it was at 7200. It's 7500. They are moving it fairly rapidly, and the pivots that we want to watch are 7592. And then this gamma wall this gamma line at 7570-ish. That's the support zone. As you can see, over the last 1 2 3, this is our fourth day. We really are locked in a range that could bring us all the way back down to 7578. That area looks pretty bullish, especially if we break an upper 200 that is moving at the clip that we see it moving, which is straight up. Now, momentum is down, and so that tells us that we are looking for support in an otherwise bullish environment. Let's take a look at the NQ. The NQ continues to break to the north. Wow, wow, wow. Trend clearly up. Momentum drifting a little, but still in relative positive territory. Okay? So, dips are buys. The best dip for us to have a look at, really, would be the pivot. And that number is 30,600, thereabouts. If we pull back into that zone, looks like the first thing we'll see are buyers that come into the range, and then we break to the north, and get back to where we currently sit at about 30,775, and then we walk up the formation again. This Fibonacci is holding well from Friday's formation, which is pretty interesting. Right? We almost filled it on Monday in the afternoon, but we came right into the floors. We had a gamma wall yesterday at around 30,360. Price action moving to the north. Things look Things look good. Things look good for the NQ, and this part of June is seasonally strong for the NQ. So, if you're looking for stocks to trade, and you have a bearish slant, go to go to your sectors, especially if you have the Benzinga Pro platform, you want to go to your sectors, find the weakest sector, and then find the weakest stock in that sector. That way, you get to trade yourself um some short action. And then you look for strength and follow strength along. I would not consider favorite names, as it were, until you were just seeing that favorite name of yours hold trend and dip and move higher or hold trend and spike and then move lower. Okay? It's just to watch. Again, 30 30,600. If we lose that level, listen, the 200 is all the way down here at 30,438. That's to be the second line in the sand that looks for bullish pressure. Stick with the YM. Another Fibonacci that really is working tremendously well. We had a very big move up yesterday that gave back and then completely recovered. This is wash rinse repeat action in the market. These are intraday traders just using flows in their um in their cycle. Now, in the overnight, it's almost been completely short, but we have noticed this. Because we have solid trend and momentum, we continue to bounce off of the 200 simple moving average. For me, it suggests that looking for 51,000, maybe a little bit of a break 50,940. That's going to give us the really nice long that we're after. That being said, the 50 is up, the VWAP and the 20 are down, and so the bounces give us the likelihood of recovery, but it's not going to be clean. It's going to be noisy, like this. Sideways action. Bullish candles, bearish candles, bullish candles, bearish candles, and then it moves to the north. The upper edge is 51,415, and then 51,500, 51,645. That's what we're staring down. Lots of supply sitting below us. Lots of it. And so, this 50,000 if per happenstance it came down that low, it would certainly be an area that I would watch for buying pressure. I'm not sure that it is because it's got such strong trend. When you get into the trade and it's misbehaving, you have two choices. Get out and wait for the recovery of motion if you got into early. Or uh wait it out with the risk that you have established. So, you have to think about that beforehand before you decide. Flipping between long and short, it gets very messy in places like this. You have to back out to the big time frames and see where we're looking. Let's go to Bitcoin. Wow. Okay, Bitcoin continues to break down. This 65,000 area, a big deal. It's also the port wall that they're battling around, which is 66,000 900 or so. And so, let's take a look at the volume. The volume has been bigger, but the price formations have been very compact. So, first things first, let's take a look &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; at the range of the 330 candlestick. And then let's do the easy thing, draw Fibonacci from peak to base or base to peak. And then from peak to base. And that way we have it in both directions. Now, we do know the Cosby is uh raising margins. They want to tamp down on the incredible flow that they've had of late. And who who would blame them? So, margins are being released, excuse me, are being tightened in terms of trading in Korea, South Korea, and a few other places as well. I think Bobby, that's what we're seeing in Bitcoin. Um What's the storyboard? What happened? We had a lower low that couldn't hold, and it was a look below this formation and fail. But, not being able to get past that put wall. So, that put wall remains incredibly important at 67,000. It's definitely what we want to watch. If we can hold above that area, we're going to grind through, but remember &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; these downward moving averages, when they break in the opposite direction, what they're hunting for is supply to stop off where the market is sitting. And we have supply just above it at 68,130, and then 68,000 680. Okay? So, this trend has been going for a hot minute. It certainly has. So, notice when the trend is down like that, the only way we can tell the price action is going to begin to drift higher is by the compression of motion and prices begin to hold a floor. So far, they have not held the floor. And we continue to move to the north. There's a tremendous amount of supply, excuse me, of demand sitting between 63,000 and 60,000. And we're only about $6,000 away, which you know, is is not that big of a move. So, that's what we want to watch. Bounces are sell zones. The pivot, it has not been touching the pivot, but it's also getting closer to the pivot action because the candlesticks have been compressing. Range is now an important aspect of what we're staring down. So, this range event is 68,500 for the upper edge, and then potentially 69,000. But, I would like to see a bottoming formation and watch prices really sort of leave this area of value area. This value area to move to the north. And that value area has a low of 65,900 and a high of 68,167. So, dips certainly could be buys here. Bounces into the 68,700 level or so easily fails. Easily fails. Okay. Oil. All right, let's redraw oil. Oil is trending up. Looks really good. Great big motion on Monday at 9:00. That's the high volume candle of the week so far. We're going to put a little box around that one. And then, we'll do the same thing. We'll draw a Fibonacci from high to low and then from low to high. All right, and it'll give us the upward extensions. Now, how well are those extensions holding? This gamma wall at 97 stopped us from hitting to the north. As I mentioned, oil's not going lower. And after the shenanigans on Monday, well, you know. Um I don't I don't see that happening at all unless we've got something else going on. So, I think the way to go is to look for the deep dips that turn into buying formations. Or if you're saying to yourself, I want to take advantage of these very savage motions, you got to go to the five. And notice, if you're going to the five minute, it tells you easily, here's a look above and go. But, it's also, if you're staring it down, it's a look below and fail. Right? If it looks below and fails, then you've got yourself upward trajectory. And so, that's really how to look at price action in these last little bits. What did I just do? Knucklehead Fred. All right, let's lock this figure. Lock. Okay. So, levels to the upside probably around 99. I really don't see us getting past well, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; 9930 to 1 by I think is probably the top of the range for us unless we, you know, have somebody doing something stupid, which is entirely likely in times like these. But dips are clearly buys, motion, rotation, everything. And although I did expect it to come into 95, it stopped, excuse me, 85. It stopped at 87 at the base of the value area. It broke out of the value area on Monday morning and then rotated all the way back to the value area and the 200 where it began to bounce again. So, could it do that once more? Yes, of course it could. Absolutely. But trend here is much stronger than it was uh yesterday and the day before. Yesterday and the day before we far from the moving averages. Here we're close. So, shallow dips below going to bring us buy zones and the wall to look at is 95. Gamma wall of note is right at 95. We're above it. We get below it, we'll sort of leak into the trend line, which brings us uh easily to 9260. It's It's worth watching from that space. It This one's a little bit messy. You're going to have to put up with the wiggles if you're looking for a trend move. And notice the VWAP and the 20 are sticking together. So, right now old resistance starting to look like new support. Momentum still holding well. This is the buy zone currently at $95.70. With targets upward into 99. Let's take a look at gold. Um Okay. So, couple people wrote some articles yesterday and said, "Hey, you know, gold is the now the reserve currency. It's replaced the treasuries." Well, if you follow Jim Bianco and you dig into the weeds, you'll find out that that's not quite true. If you compare apples to apples, gold is still second and the treasuries are first. Although, you know, at one point it appeared that Bitcoin might be one of those things. Not so much anymore. So, what are we staring down? Remember, the big picture to me tells me that gold is caught in this lodge above the put wall, which is 4,500. We've got ourselves messy price action to take us all the way up to 4,565. The Fibonacci is still working. Still working pretty nicely, actually. Look at those clips. They're working very, very well. Low edges of the range, if these bounces into downward moving averages don't hold, and we continue down, we've got 4,450. Um 4,440. And let me clone this. And then we've got Let's lock this one again. And then we've got 4410. And then 4360. I believe as long as we sit under this zone, um, with oil above 85, there's liquidation going on in here by people who have to liquidate some of their holdings in order to pay bills. It just is what it is. It is what it is. I know, seems like a weird thought, but it is mine. So, of course, it's going to be a little bit weird. All right. We've broken the trend line. We also have, take a look, these lower highs. So, let's just watch that. Right? If we get above 4540, we could easily go to the top of the supply zone into 4600. Easily. The moves have been savage. Absolutely savage. But, what we are staring down now is this box from 10:00 a.m. on day is that? Thursday of last week? You know, sometimes I look at this chart and I think the hourly chart for gold almost looks like the better one to trade than the 30-minute because it gives us sort of a cleaner view and we've got a tremendous compression of all these moving averages and that's been happening for days. Gives us this sideways horrible noise. So, we really are looking for confirmed price action above 4540 or below this gamma line at 4450. Right? Bounces are sell zones. No doubt about it and the pivot could be a nice area to begin thinking about a short. Could shake along into that pivot? Yes, you could, but you'd want to find a formation that really spilled it out cleanly to you and even to the 5-minute we've got the 200 down the 20 up, 50 down to flat, the VWAP down to flat. None of that looks bullish to me. None of it looks bullish. It all looks like if they get into the gamma wall at 4500, they are going to try and short it. All right, let's take a look at spy. See how spy's doing. I love it that from watching the videos that a lot of us are doing our own analysis. This is my goal. My goal is not to have a bazillion views, but to have views where you can watch them, you can go, "Hey, I'm going to do that on my own." And then you go out and measure these charts on your own so that you can clearly come to see what the market is doing. Okay? So, here we have looking at this one, it is still Friday's formation. Let's put a box around this. For goodness sake. Let's lock this. Fibonacci so I can do some work with this one. All right, so this range with a low of 756 and a high of 757.80 tells us, "Listen, dips are buys. Momentum is up in bullish territory. It is trending lower, so they are looking for the dip. Where is that dip? I like to pick that high volume candle, and so that's somewhere around 757. Let's see if that 757 can hold. If it holds, we've got ourselves a long. If not, we're back into the range. Tremendous amount of demand building here. Just a lot of demand. So, dips clearly are buys into the 50 $758. It could hold. Let's see if it pulls back and then bounces to the north. The 200 is way down here at 754. If things go sideways, that could be a problem. But, until then, this one looks noisy, but still bullish. So, ideally, what is the absolute best buy zone in this formation here? The pullback to $756.30. That pullback goes You can go long spy into the afternoon or you can go long an option into the afternoon. The second it starts stalling on you, you know, it's train wreck. And that's you know, could easily happen. Option sellers are still winning this game. All right, everybody. Take care and I'll see you on the streams.
