VIDEO 03: https://youtu.be/lkzy_dXAIbU

Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the 29th. This is month end at the blueprint open. Okay. So, what does month end mean? month end is when we've got all our portfolio balances being readjusted and uh we had quite the runup yesterday. I think between yesterday and today they're unwinding whatever it is they need to unwind and readjusting for the next month. And I mean the portfolio managers. So let's take a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P right now. We've got um we're literally sitting in the same place that we began the overnight and that is between 75.85 7593. So we did dip fairly sharply I would say. We lost the MOC low and then quickly recovered it. Ah, that's what we were after the M O high and that gave us the bounce in the overnight 757375. That looks like the front line of support. Now take a look at momentum. It's drifting down. So any big spikes here could easily break and come into the lower levels. We never filled the gaps down here. We just continued up. We're very close to the 50 simple moving average which is trending up. The 200 trending up. We're above VWAP. The call wall is now 7600. It moved up another 20 points. The zero DTE put wall moved down to 7485 and the large put wall is still at 7200. Very interesting. Okay. So, what are we seeing? We're seeing this sideways formation that could easily fade. We're looking for shallow fades today simply because we are close to the moving averages. If we move a little sideways, momentum could lift and we will see maybe some more shallow pullbacks like we saw yesterday. So in our targets for yesterday, we missed the 7510 for the buy zone. I think 7501 is still a possibility somewhere along the line, but everything is trending up. We are above the pivot. We're above the VWAP. We're above everything. The only thing that shows a little bit of negative trending is the momentum event. And when you've got strong moving averages and negative momentum, it just means they are look, they'll look for support and then bounce again. So, shallow dips 73, excuse me, 7573. A a really solid dip would be 7550 to 7558 and that's where the 200 simple moving average is sitting and the GlobeEx of the prior trading day. So, the ES looks like it's trending upward. It is Friday. Fridays have been bullish in times past. recent past not so much but in general times past definitely so all right moving to the NQ we can see the same sort of topping events price action moving strongly upward the same trap at the GlobeEx events the GlobeEx open same trap let's see if they run into Nope Yeah, our new support ledge essentially value area low 30,110 to 30,150. That's what we're staring down right there. So pullbacks, buy zones, everything trending up, momentum trending down, and that means they're going to try and find dips, and those will create buy zones. What are we looking for in the dips? There's a demand zone at around 30,214. We are currently at 30,347. Cowall. Well, that's interesting. Coldwall 30,400. Look at where the put wall is. That's very interesting. Almost 30,000. Actually, 30,500. So, this will be our first target. 30,500 on the upshot. And then max would be 30,684 for upside pressure. Downside pressure, we've got 30,000 the 30,200 that I mentioned, 30,220 and then 30,000 30,100 to 30,110. The 200 is way down here. There is demand sitting much further below. We'll see what happens. But this is very bullish moment, this very bullish trend, right? We just got ourselves a little topping fortune. Could it be a cup and handle? Yes. And I got to tell you, uh, Mike Webster from IBD that gave us the overall power trend for everything and he really hit the nail on the head. I had a lot of doubts there simply because of what I was looking at and wow, he just really did it. Amazing. Really impressed. Okay. So, YM it's been sideways for a couple of days. Very big volume two, three days ago, and now we've got this pressure event pushing us to the north. 50,881 was our target. We missed it yesterday by about 30 points. today. We'll probably get it. We don't see supply until 51,022. Gloex high from that area is 51,000 even. You know, they they could easily be going after it. Moving averages are a little flat, but we are above all of them. Above the 200, above the VWAP, above the 50, above the pivot, above the anchored VWAP. still holding trend here. Notice the trend break, came down, broke through our 50,443 level, and then recaptured it. When you see something like this, let's say you looked at this and you went, you know what? I'm going to buy this bottom because it's bullish and it fades and it stops you out. Don't be afraid to re-enter because the big picture still says, "Hey, listen. The dips are buys." And that's exactly what we're staring down here. Very big motion, upward pressure, solid upward pressure, but choppy at the same time. So the big dips will definitely be buys. If we have a selloff into this edge, I would surmise that it might be a bit higher, 50,477. But what I would do is wait for it to stop falling. And you can see that on a 5-minute chart. Wait for it to stop falling, get through the big levels that you like, and then take the position. Okay, let me make sure I've got spinach on. Yes, I do. All right, let's go to Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin came down, hit the 72,000 300 area. It did not get to our 71, but it did hit our Fibonacci line. And so, let me change this color so it's a little more visible. Let's get the stroke a little smaller on the nose. That's a really good Fibonacci right there. 72, 430, something like that. Just shy of it. Looks really, really good. Now, where are they? They are climbing up the wall of worry as it were. Momentum very positive. Well, not very positive. It's above zero for sure. And we're above the 50. We're above the anchored VWAP. And we are battling the VWAP right here. So what are we staring down? Heavy supply above us at 74,138. If perh happen in stance we do not get above that line. We've got more downside pressure. The Fibonacci Let's draw a new one. Let's do that. Let's draw a new Fibonacci. Well, all right. The new Fibonacci we will draw is on this one. So far so good. Lot of supply up here. If we break through the next line in the sand, 74,000, 480, 74,500 and then 75,000 and then the 200 which is at 75,300. Now look at the trend. It is downward. So if it meanders its way there, it could easily be a short, right? The bigger picture, very strong negative pressure. The 4hour and the daily look fairly different. The trend is lifting here on the daily, but still negative on the 4 hour, the 1 hour, and the 30 minute. And so this could easily be a long that breaches our 200 simple moving average. So, taking the short here, it would have to be it would really have to perform or you would need to get out. Absolutely. Uh let's see how far away the one Yeah, because the 200 on the 1 hour is all the way up at 76,000 and some change right at value area low. So, it could easily climb there if it caught some solid pressure. This one's a little tricky. Let's look at oil. Oil continues its decline now at 86. Of course, yesterday afternoon, uh we have a deal, you know, who knows? But this is going to bring oil in. We do want to see the straight open up and things get sorted. It's come right into our line at 8683 and they are trying to bounce. Momentum is negative. So, we're under a -50, under a -200 and the momentum is in negative territory. No lifting. Bounces are still going to be sells at the first pass. Where is that first pass? The 50 simple moving average at $889. The pivot at $89.30. Value area low $88.49. You're going to have to state watch what happens when it comes up here. That gives you the positioning to say, okay, everything's negative. I can fade the zero DT put wall. They want to bounce off of this. This potentially is a long if you've got patience. If you've got patience, this is a long and you buy very small size with 8620 as your potential support. Okay. My my thought is that this is trying to be forced down. 85 is sort of that sweet spot into all the way into 80 which is where the port wall is sitting at this juncture. CWall has been pulled in. CWall is 92 and some change right 92 even. All right. So bounces or sells, we might be staging a bounce and that bounce could move all the way to 915. Maybe could come to the gamma line 9172 and then fading further. Yeah. All right, let's take a look at gold. Gold was good to me yesterday. I took the short here right at the 200. At the time the 200 was sitting right up here. That's very interesting how it's not showing us 200 here. Wait, did I do something silly? No, that is a 200. Okay, broke right through it and I was able to trade right up at the top into the close of the day which was very nice. It was it was a very nice trade but it did exactly that. Came into the 200 and rotated down. It was also the pivot of the prior day which gave it a very nice trading event and now it is running right. It's broken past that 200. So what do we expect? Pullbacks likely to give us buy zones. And so what would that pull back be? I'd like to see it pull back to the same area that I went short. and then it would be a great long. All right, let's take a look at it on the 30 minute. Yep, old resistance, new support, breaking to the edge. Notice the momentum, however, it is very offsides. So, we've got another topping formation that easily could be another short. So, where is that? 4565. The call wall is 4580. The port wall is 4483. So not moving down at this juncture. So we'll watch it walk up. We have we have no significant supply on the 30-inut chart all the way into 46.84. 84. So, let's take a peek at some bigger motions. Yeah, 4577 to 4580. That's where the call wall is. They rejected it the first time. The 1 hour formation says this is bullish. So, no place to take a short right now. Gloveex high. Where's the last major volume event? Ah, okay. Let's draw a Fibonacci right there. Okay, is looks like the proper target. So, let me go here and Whoops. What I want to do is reverse this Fibonacci to see how well it held the formations. Pretty nice. Okay, so that is definitely a fib that's holding. Let's turn it back up shot and we'll see what goes up there. Definitely a climb to the north. So, we want to be right cuz we're above the 50, we're above the pivot, we're above the pot wall, we're above the VWAP. We have upward trending momentum. The hourly formation looks a lot cleaner to follow right now than the 30 minute. 30 minute is very mixed up. 30 minute says pullback, but the pullback will be buy because we're sitting so close to value area high and the VWAP. Okay, let's take a look at Spy. Spy continues to trend up, up, up, up, and away. Right. Where are we sitting now? If we get these guys, leave that alone. Let's see. and maybe these guys. We've got ourselves two trajectory events that easily point to 760. Easily dips or buys momentum is is steep. It's it's quite steep. So, we would want to look for the dip. Where would that dip be? It would be in the demand zone. We are above the call wall. So remember above the call wall. 755 is the call wall. And so they're going to want to get below it. So we'll watch them test it. But if they test it and bounce up and test it and bounce up, eventually they're going to keep running it, right? And that's what they did yesterday. Could they do it again today? Yes. End of the month repositioning. New deal on the horizon. I don't know. I could pull my tin foil hat out, but I feel like I'm wearing it too much. It's going to turn into a regular hat. So, what are we looking for? We are looking for a pullback into 754 and a little bit of change and then a bounce. taking us to 756 and higher, right? Everything looks really bullish. Absolutely bullish for sure. Now, when would things break down? Well, I mean, we have far way to break down. 747 is the 200 and I don't foresee any kind of uh movement like that because there's a lot of pinning underneath. So, we ought to be fairly safe as it were. Deep dips are going to be buys if we do happen to have a deep dip. 750 to somewhere around there we run into a ton of demand. Okay, take care. It's Friday. You guys will see me on the Benzinga um options show and I look forward to spending time with you. Take care. Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.
