VIDEO 04: https://youtu.be/_FIZBZSYsXw

Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, May the 28th, and this is the blueprint open. Taking a look [music] at the ES here, we can see that we tested a couple of important lines. So, this looks dreadfully messy, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; Let's remove all the rectangles. Price action is best seen because our 50 is essentially flat. We've had pivots that are sitting very close to each other. They're telling us that we are range bound. Our VWAP has also been a little bit flat. Things look um pretty sideways to me. My suspicion from early in [music] the week that we fill this gap is still the one I'm looking at. Here's a low, right? Here was our first low on Tuesday. And then a little bit of lower low, and a little bit of a lower low the following day, and then here we are on Thursday, we've got an even lower low. So, the lines that we want to watch for support are ultimately all the way down here at 7484, but it's a slow grind. And what we are doing, it looks like, is we've gotten a little bit of that correlation between oil and the markets together again. And we'll see that. They released a lot from the SPR, which is a very bad idea in general. Um no matter which administration does it, it's a bad idea. So, what are we staring down? We're staring down a market that's really being aggressively manipulated to hold support. It feels uh What's the word? Um a little unstable. And and so I would imagine volatility is rising, but let's take a look at the VIX of the VIX. Uh-oh. Let's go here. Let's sidetrack us right here. No, we are not. It is just falling off a cliff. That's bizarre. That is absolutely bizarre. Incredible. Well, so much for my thoughts on that. VIX really holding steady and drifting lower as it's Wow. Okay. So, let's move on. 200 simple moving average up. The other moving averages are flat to sideways. Maybe slightly down, but we are seeing a drift in price. And so this drift in price should give us uh some understanding of what's going on, and that is drifting lower to fill in the regions below here near 7,500. That's been a tough trade if you didn't catch it up at the top because as it came down, the 200 held it the first time it did it yesterday, and it's recovered at this time this morning. Sideways pressure. Top of the range 7,546, 7,560. Call wall at 7,580. Put wall still way down here at 7,200. The zero DTE put wall is above the price action, and that is 7,540. Remember, they're going to want to get above this line. When they get above the line or get closer to the line, they're going to try and rotate that down. We'll see what happens. If it stays under there, they will aggressively roll it during the course of the day, but that will also bring bring prices down. Essentially, this is mean reversion. And that's all we can say about that. So, mean reversion means you buy the bottom, you sell the top. And that's what I'm staring down. Now, could we have a spot at 7535 to do that? Yes, we could, but there's 10 points [music] that we would need to worry about. So, I would wait, see if it can get into the demand zone, excuse me, the supply zone up here, and then do the rotation. There's a small demand zone building here between 7522 7522 and 7530. If I were a betting man, I would say that we will continue to leak lower. Let's take a look at the NQ. Also very messy. Let's remove all the rectangles. We've got a Fibonacci here. Wow, that fib did really well. That fib did really, really well. Top of the fib yesterday, 30,345, right into the 8:30, and then just fell off a cliff all day, but it did hold the floor of the formation, which is right around the close of the 9:30 candle. So, that's really the line we want to stare down today. Excuse me, the open of the 9:30 candle. All right. So, are we seeing the same pattern? Yes. We have [music] lower highs and lower lows. Now, in the grand scheme of things, we are nowhere near filling the gap like the ES. We're still sitting in this pocket that brings us to What is this number? 29,745. That's the close of the Globex half hour opening candle, 29,774. So, what are we doing? We're We're under the 50. We're above a downward sloping V web, and we're above the 200. Clear as mud. That's going to be range-based formations, bounces, or cells, but the bounces could be big. The call wall is at 30,100. The put wall, 29,400, and the zero DTE put wall is 29,700. So, there's I mean, they're holding protection down here because everybody's seeing the same thing. Are we in a mean reversion event? Potentially. My thought is that we grind through these edges so that our volume profile, look at what we're building from a volume profile perspective on the daily. This is very thin pockets as opposed to a tremendous amount of sideways motion through these months, and now the big acceleration. Let's do a Fibonacci here. Let's just Let's just do a measure. Wow. Okay. What's going on here? 2 2.5 How about 1.5? There we go. All right, and so we're right at that edge where we've got some Fibonacci. We've got a Fibonacci marker right in the middle of all of this noise. We've got to fill in some of this volume, but they're fighting right around here. So, what are we going to do? You could buy it right here. You could say, "Hey, I'm buying 29,900." What's the risk? Well, the support floor is probably going to be 29,870. So, it's a big risk event if you want to go long. If you want to go short, there's also pretty solid risk event up here at 30,000, but it's certainly less than almost 100 points of risk if you're trying to go long. My thought is, let the dips come in and stabilize. Whether they stabilize at the 200 area, that's 29,900, the 200 simple moving average, or they stabilize down here, that would be the better place for the long because we are in this bit of a flag pattern. If we break above, then the pullback below is going to give us if we look above and go, we can look above, pull back, hold a higher low, and then accelerate back into that formation. Okay, so let's delete this Fibonacci. Look at all the volume that came in on this candle that we had from yesterday. All right, big candlestick formation at 9:30. And we're sitting right there at the support zones. This has held pretty well. Not not great, but not bad. The bigger one is really the one we want to keep an eye on, and that's the one we're staring down right here, 29,000 29,735. So, dips are buys, ideally around the 29,700 area. Bounces are sells around 30,133, and then just manage your risk. Okay, let's take a look at the YM. YM pretty sideways yesterday, but still not not bad from a volume perspective in terms of motion. Big volume candles yesterday. All all across the board, that opening candlestick formation was very aggressive volume. You wonder why. But, we are within range, within value. 200 is up. 50 is up. Although it's had a pretty savage dip. It's now up right now in the near term. VWAP flat. We're in the value area for the last couple of days. We are underneath the pivot, underneath the anchored VWAP. And we really are still making lower highs, although we're making higher lows. And so, my thought is still this is a dip buy formation. I would say 50,600. Great place to look for if it doesn't hold, then we've got the fade down a couple of hundred points. I don't see any near-term volatility. On the rise, it's just very sideways choppy motion. So, wait for the edges or you're going to get put in you know, the spin cycle. Unfortunately. The same levels are holding from yesterday. 50,881, 50,944 for the upside pressure. Let's take a look at micro Bitcoin. See, this is my liquidity measure. You guys know this. This is the measure that I would normally look at and say, "You know what? I am going to look for shorts." It hasn't really worked out that well in the broad market, but it is clear that we have got a sell-off in crypto once again. So, we're still looking at the big candle motion from the 26th. Seems to be walking through a lot of these. We've got some support and demand at 72,600, but this steepness is significant. Now, what's happening with momentum? So, momentum was very [music] steep down here, and it's moving in tandem with price. What's going to happen at the Vwap? They're going to try and sell it again. Why? Cuz it's a downward Vwap. It's a downward sloping Vwap. So, if they pull back, but they can hold 73,000, there's a potential buy zone here. Right? So, that would be the zone you'd want to watch for it to hold. If it does not hold 73,000, 100, there's a lot more price action to move down. Right? A lot more. Okay. Yikes. That's I mean, that's a really nice short. Really nice short, the failure to stay above 75,780, and then the fade at every test of the VWAP, that's, you know, textbook rollover. Holding this edge, see momentum drifting all the way down here. If we hold the edge and momentum begins to get back above zero, we've got ourselves a shot at trading the inverse here into 75,000. But, [music] as it sits now, that looks pretty bad. Let's take a look at oil. All right. So, oil's down, market's up. I said yesterday, that looks like news, but I didn't know what the news was. And now I know. SPR release. That's just Again, you know, I think it's a very bad thing that we're we're doing there, and it's really just to try and keep oil down. But, the only way we can get [music] oil down is to put an end to traffic disruption, and there's no end to that in sight, my [music] friends. So, as you know, I believe 85 is the relative floor for this. If it fades, it will be quickly bought back up. Um So, what are we seeing today? Well, we've got um momentum that's pretty jaggedly bullish. It's up above zero. Um, but not dramatically so. So, what is my thought? As I mentioned yesterday, bounces into the 200 simple moving average going to give you that relative resistance area. But, we really didn't get it yesterday. [music] We just stayed under the 50. Now, we're bouncing into this area near the 200. We're making higher lows. Also, momentum is up. So, if you like these trend line kind of things, you want to make sure that we don't lose 89.65 if you want to be long. It's not a good idea to be long under 89.65 unless your pockets are very deep, [music] right? And we know the market's being uh aggressively managed in order [music] to keep uh oil prices somewhat stable. Okay? I'm not sure if we've had any skirmishes. We probably have. Um, you know, I don't I don't know what to say there. I really don't. Upper edges of motion, 92.87 to 94.75, at which point I suspect that that's a short as well. If it can come into that 92, it'll be very nice short. All right. Let's take a look at gold. Fading pretty savagely. Which, you know, this is my thought. It's my thought that we're going to continue to move down. Let's see what our 4-hour formation is telling us. We've got demand at around 4374. They're trying to front run that right now. And [music] then below that, we've got 4306. Trend down. Momentum down, certainly for the 4-hour. Let's look at the 30-minute formations and see what we have. We are under the put walls, both the big put wall and the zero DTE put wall. We are sitting underneath them, 44 85 on the big put wall. The zero DTE is 4441. They really want to get to that, but they're having trouble. We're also underneath the anchored V web and the pivot. So, a lot of negative traction here. That being said, we've got divergent momentum. And so, divergent momentum suggests that we're going to try and find resistance. And that could be all the way up at the anchored V web from the prior day, which is 4458. Right? Could we stop shy at 4420? Yes. Maybe even uh 44 30? Yes. But my my thought is they are really going to try and put the put the pedal to the metal here and get us up through at least one of these put walls. If not, we're going to have more aggressive selling until they rotate that wall down. [music] Which will be the next thing they will do, the call wall way up here at 4680. Bounces or sells. All right, let's go to spy. Okay, spy is sitting right in the middle of the value area. Here's our trend line test at 749. Um I do expect us to break the trend line because I expect us to fill the gap. The put wall, the zero DTE put wall is 745. The big put wall is 700. And of course these numbers rotate very quickly intraday, right? So if you're all about these walls, they can change that which is why, you know, you if you're really into that, you need to hang out with MethodR Q. So, here is that edge, the first edge that I think we ought to come into and we actually have had a couple of wicks go down into that zone to get bought up, but I think we see another fade. It looks weaker to me. [music] We are under the 50, under the VWeb, under the pivot, under the um anchored VWeb. And this suggests to me that we've got drift [snorts] slower. That being said, there's a big demand zone all the way to 748. 740, 745 is where they went to. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Let's see why. It's 9:30. Yes, the [music] 9:30 close of the 9:30 candle close is that wick right there. Hmm. So that could be the floor for today. My thought is that a slow dribbly awful grind is ahead. We've got [music] this kind of price action waiting. We're just caught in a pit bog of noise right now. So we're just drifting into the edges. So could it be that we get to 745? Yes, we're going to have buyers there. They're just going to sit around about the 200 isn't all the 200 is all the way down here at 743. So we're going to have to see some real drift for that to happen. Or we're just going to go sideways for a while and then that's going to change the price pattern. [music] That's what I think that we're looking for. Look for the dips to give you the buying pressure. Don't buy in the middle of the noise. Buy on the edges of the noise. That's going to help you out a lot better. Right? Sell on the edges [music] of the noise. Whatever way you think price action's going to go, look at momentum. It's continually drifting to the south. And there's, you know, I mean they could drift down quite a bit further. So there's plenty of room for downside action. But buyers are going to be at the at the ready. Okay? All right, folks. That's it for me. I'll see you on Topstep TV today, group coaching. And um take care. Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay. Let's go.
