VIDEO 05: https://youtu.be/EBKVHza6m0w

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the 27th. My name is Amry Band and this is the Blueprint Open and we are taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. It stayed in a bit of a sideways pressure event most all of yesterday. The fact that it's broken out above it and we use the 4 a.m. candlestick to do it speaks a little bit about where we are in the space. We're still very rangebound, relatively speaking, but it was a really big fight between yesterday and the pre-market. We're underneath this trend line. They've moved the call wall up about 10 points. The put wall is also moving just a little bit. The pivot, we're above the pivot. We're above the 50. We're above the VWAP. Those things are bullish. The 200 is still trending to the north. Momentum is up. Everything suggests dips or buys, and they are. So, we've got another trend line, a little bit shorter, that is holding us. The big trend line is well above us with targets 7580 really all the way to 7600. And you know Darius Dale of 42 Macro has been saying that we were going to head higher long before we started the climb. But here we are and I'm still a little suspect about the price action moving to the north. Now here's the problem with that. Although I'm suspect that everything's moving north, it's clear that everything is moving north. We are above the pivot. That's this yellow line. We are above the 50. We're above the VWAP. We've got trending momentum. We're above the 200. And the VWAP and the 50 are a little bit sideways. So, chances are we do have a pullback that gives us another bounce. So, where might that pullback be? Where could we stage our longs? So, this one is interesting. We could wait for the deeper dip at around 75 35. The anchored VWAP is also sitting there at that 7535. The pivots's at 7538 and then you know the breakaway really above 7545 is where the peak action is and the VWAP is also there. So what does that mean? Well, you got about 10 points of squish. So I would say try some micros if you do not want to expose your risk, right? Because 10 points is going to be $500 for a regular ES. So you don't want to, you know, over lever around that zone. Try a couple of yeses. If it holds, then you run to the edge. The first target, of course, is 7560, and we are sitting right up at the edge there. So the question is, do you buy there? Well, my thought is, I'm too close, excuse me, I'm too far away from the moving averages to just go flat out with a buy and I'm too close to the first target. which is that pivot at 7560. So I would wait for a fade if it were me and it might take all day but you still wait for the fade. You let the price action give you what you need. Now if we lose that 7535 area we've got 7530. We've got 75 18. We've got a fair bit of demand down here at this 7518 to 7520 21 and this is a space that we do tend to move to the south. Now the question is can I take a short? Well not looking at the 30 minute I don't think that's a grand idea. If you look for the five, you could present a mean reversion trade and say, "Hey, I'm going to take this short right here at 7559, but my stop is going to be 7562 or whatever." And once it breaks through and under this demand zone, you can add to your position going down to 7546. As it sits, not so great, right? Uh, I I don't I don't like that for a short at all. All right, let's take a look at the ENQ. Okay. Um, let me look at the daily on the ENQ. So, I noticed Micron got an upgrade. I mean, what is that thing? $900 now. Just unreal. Unreal. Look at this. Oh my gosh, it's absurd. Absurd motion. Bananas. Okay, so clearly the ENQ's and breakout up above 30,000. The 1day max is 30,475. It is it is tracking that trend line so tightly. So dips again or buys. The momentum on the daily, however, tells us that a pullback into support is not out of the question at all. If you go to the 30 minute, we also see a little bit of technical divergence. These two are right around the same, but price actions much higher. This also is a clue that we might have a mean reversion event on the horizon. We are above a pivot. That pivot is 30,196. Obviously, we've got a bit of demand at around 30,177. The loss of that area gives us a short into 30,112 and then potentially the 50 simple moving average. Solid demand down here at 30,36. Is it likely that we test the demand zone and and maybe even this gamma line here at 30,000? Yeah, easily. Now notice yesterday. Yesterday, same sort of thing. Negative divergence. Look at how tight the fade is. The fade is just into the VWAP. So if we think about the same sort of negative divergence here, the pullback essentially at the VWAP. So shallow dips at this juncture. People are still running this train very hot. very very hot. This is incredibly unusual information that we are seeing, but the trend is to the north. So, what's next? Well, let's have a gander. This is our primary candle and let's do Fibonacci on this thing. Oh my goodness. Okay, it tells us that our breakout line is 30,120. Great pullback event right on the VWAP. Our extensions 30,260 30,340 that maps from a daily perspective and 30,436. So you know are we capable of moving that much today? Potentially. Potentially we did move you know 300 400 points yesterday alto together. So that's very likely dips or buys. If you want to take a short here, that looks hard to me. It's got risk, but you can take it if you just keep your stop at 30,225. To me, it feels much more like a buy and a run to higher levels. So buying the breakout, not a not a horrible idea. It's not certainly one I like, but you certainly can't do it. If per happen stance, we lose that 30,000 zone. The demand zones deeper are down, excuse me, that 30,80 zone. The demand zones are at the 29,970 and then further at 29,920 and then 29,850. So, a lot of money to be made in in the NQ. Just have to really pace yourself here. I mean, really. And you want to watch in my mind, one of the most important candlesticks to watch in the ENQ is the opening candlestick formation. It's it's fairly It's pretty good at giving you target zones that are actually exceptional in my mind. So, there you have it. Um, let's go to Gosh, I really did not want to feel like I was giving you word solid there, but it did feel like word solid. Okay, so you know, I have this running theory that the YM sort of front runs the ES and the NQ motion. So they were running up when the market was sort of flat and then we ran up and now they're they ran down and are trying to recover and this motion could give us the what we are expecting from a mean reversion in the other charts. I haven't done anything statistical on that pure heristic but nevertheless I I think it's generally important. Notice how well our lines held. Our breakdown lines very nice in the formations failed. Um, look above, right? So, we looked above and then failed. Had a beautiful rotation down literally all night, excuse me, all day. And then, well, all night also. And then we've begun to recover. So we're within range, within value, sideways formations. We came in, kissed the 200 VWAP and the 50. Everybody following in generally different directions. The VWAP is holding us as support. The 50 is downward, but we are above it. The 200 is upward, and we're holding it as support. And momentum is very sharply to the north. What are we going to try and do? My thought is get to the old support zone, right? That number. What is that number? 50,881. And then we'll see what happens. But I don't feel a need to move any of these lines. They're perfectly fine. I would watch demand zones as a target region. and maybe 51,020. We're above the pivot. Everything looks really bullish here. So, dips or buys. And those ideal dips look like about yesterday's low line of 50,623. Now if perhaps we roll over you can see that the support zones give us 50,443 and then the additional support zone below that 50,250. Let's take a look at micro bitcoin. Probably a little bouncy. Ah not so much. Yeah, we got a rollover coming in my mind. Take a look at this. We broke the ledge. The 75,000 is the space I said, "Hey, support zone. If it fails, wait for it to recover and then you can take the trade." But a lot of supply sitting right here all the way into 76,190. So what are we staring down? Downward sloping 50 flat VWAP under the pivot under the anchor VWAP under the 200 that is flat to down. Look what happened during the trading day yesterday. This gigantic candle. Holy smokes. Look at that thing. That me that is crazy. Do I need to move this in the other direction? No, I counted the right way. So, where is two? I don't have two. So, let's do two. All right. So, great Fibonacci extension came right down into um a 2x event and is now bouncing. Where are they likely to bounce into resistance at which point we should see another sell zone. So, what are we staring down? Resistance areas are the following. 76,600 76,190. Any spikes we get going up into there, they're going to be sell zones. If they try to get to the 200, which they could, so watch your size. That would be the next thing that you want to keep your eye on. Okay. But the bounces are cells here. Clearly, the bounces are cells. Okay. lower edges 24,550 500 and then 23,872. Let's go to oil. Okay. All right. That is quite the fade. Quite the fade in the overnight. I haven't read any news. I just went straight to the charts. So, obviously, we've got ourselves some news. This has been a steady fade off into the area and we just rolled to this contract maybe I don't know two weeks ago. Yeah, looks like about May 10, right? And so we've got a double bottom and a supply zone, excuse me, demand zone. So the traders are going to try and bounce here. Notice bounce off of this area and then it's very likely to bounce here off of this 90. Right, we've talked about this 90 a lot. 89. I think I'll shift that 89 down, but our levels held pretty well. not exact because we did go into the gamma wall yesterday at 9475 before rotating down. So, what was this low? 1:00 candle. You know, like D always says, Tiana Angelo, she always says, volume and time are uh very closely related inside of these commodities. A great commodities trader. Okay, so if we do bounce, we could easily come right back into the 200. The 50 is above us and curving downward. The VWAP is down. We're under the pivot. We're under uh support level one. We're we tested support level two. This is a a likely bounce zone, right? We've also had a really big ah79. I'm not sure I I've seen a reading like that in quite some time. So that's very negative. That's persistent aggressive selling. So it it might have to chop around in here and sort of wear some of that off. That is very negative. So I would not jump in here right now. I maybe give it another couple hours. Let's go to gold. Okay, great. Gold's doing awesome. Gold following the story board pretty well. Here is our ledge. that we're looking at right here at 44.88. Now, my thought is my eyeballs tell me here, what about giving this Fibonacci a go? Yes, that is the Fibonacci to watch. And so here is the bottoming formation not 44.88 although 4488 gives us our go ahead. Okay so this is very likely a buy zone. We see momentum being very divergent. We see a pretty far away space between our moving averages. We have um the VWAP above us 44.98. We have the 50 above us that's 457. We had the 200 of us. That's 4531. I would not be surprised to see us get back up to 4515. But to me, this is a look below and fail. And so the look below and fail in the downward passage sends us into the near-term and important uh moving averages areas of consistency that we might want to stare down. Right? So at at my my best guess would be easily we test 453 we could get to 4515 if not and we head below we've got tremendous demand all the way down to 4458. Now as you know I still think we head to the south and I'm I'm bearish for the short term in gold. I do believe that sovereign nations are selling their gold, grabbing some dollars, paying some debt. If I I mean, if I were running a country, I'd be very cautious right now in terms of my debt load and making sure I had money to pay my bills. And if I'd been collecting gold for a few years, I would be offloading it to pay some bills. But that's me and it is supposed by several others with lots of letters behind their name that that's also what's going on. So anyway, what are we seeing? 752. We're well above the call wall. 750. Second day in a row. Um that we have breached the call. actually third day in a row we've breached the call wall even though you know we we were not around on the 26th or is that the 25th? I don't know. Anyways, today we're breaking higher. Next next line in the sand 754. Now remember what happens when we consistently break a call wall and we cannot pull it in. The the dealers are forced to buy and we have ourselves an upward expansion. Right now we have downward momentum suggesting that the bounces are going to be topping formations that bring us back into support. Where is that support? The pivot at 750 which is also where the call wall is. So we could dance around some congestion into the call wall again. Today we are well above the zones. Let's see what we got here. Yeah, these measures. This is the line to watch. right around there. This pivot here should be pretty important. Very, very interesting. Yes, a lot to think about right there. Dips are clearly buys. Could you buy the breakout? Yes, you could. I wouldn't, but you know, I've had lots of trades go by me. Okay, listen. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams, albe it somewhat spattered. Um, and we can talk about what's going on in the market. All right, everybody. Take care. Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.
