VIDEO 06: https://youtu.be/CPrNuuKZc-c

Hi everyone. It's Monday, May the 25th. I'm doing this for Tuesday as I will be out of the office. And as you can see, we've got a new name, the blueprint open. My name is Anie Band and we're going to go through some charts tonight. to see what it is that the market's doing. I think we give back this entire gap, but we'll have to see. We'll take a look at it. We'll start with the E- Mini S&amp;P. Hang on one second. There we go. Just had to get spinach going there. Let's take a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. As I mentioned, I want to start on the daily chart. We did have a day where the US markets were closed, but we do know that the futures trade was completely disconnected today. and uh celebrating the day, the time off, and my anniversary. So, there you have it. All right, taking a look at the daily chart. We've got a gap that we closed. Well, we haven't closed it. I suspect we will close it, but we did close on Friday at around 7484.25. That's what we're staring down. And so, we see the gap with another wick at the top really pulling back here. My suspicion is that this call wall, which is at looks like 7600, they've moved it up. The put wall down at 7200. So, they've moved that down. Um, and we're seeing the last daily demand zone way down here at 7375. would not be surprised to see us give all of that back simply because of the way the chart looks right now. Um, we are generally in a bullish pullback, right? But as we take a look at the 30-inut chart, we can see we've got upward flow 50 to the upside, 200 to the upside, momentum to the downside. This tells us time and time again if we see price action hold steady in trending markets if momentum is down it means that we are going to drift into elements of support. So where is that support to me? First place that looks pretty solid is the pivot uh the support level of the pivot and that number is 7530. Now, interestingly, if we measure the chart without Monday's flow and we uh calculate the pivot based on Friday's flow, it gives us something about 7491, right? And so, it's pretty close to this pivot right here. And so chances are we'll probably head down into 7500. So what is the formation today? Well, listen, easily dips could be buy zones. We know that we can look at the low of the GlobeEx candlestick formation. And then below that, we've got our MOC candle. Those are going to be the zones that we'll look at from a downside perspective. I am not bearish but I would say taking a long here going to be a little suspect. I would wait to see how it behaves inside of this particular candlestick. the GlobeEx candlestick. I saw easily that this drift was losing the 11 a.m. candlestick that was, you know, fairly solid as it were. And um we definitely did not see too much price action strength for today's behavior because there's literally no volume. And so when there's no volume, price action tends to move to the upside. That's what we saw. And now we're just sort of giving all of that back. The traders who went long are going to be covering. They're also going to reverse and go short because they're trading the eb and flow of price action. So after that, we could easily see this come into play and then 74.99. So what would I do here? As long we as long as we are under the VWAP and under this new pivot area, the bounces are sell zones. So, if we can get to 7545 makes a great uh shorting event with the stop um probably about 10 15 points wide, right? So you might want to use uh micro in this case until you get the flow nice and solid and everything is trending in your favor. Dips are certainly going to be buys. This is a bullish formation in general. And so what we're just looking for is price action to come back and test some relative areas. Now I don't use trend lines to trade mostly because I'm terrible at drawing them. But if per happen stance you do, then this area at 7530 makes a pretty nice shot at the first press to see if price action can hold that edge. If it doesn't, 7516 is the next area. So legitimately, the bounce up into the collision of the 50 simple moving average and the VWAP here at 7545 gives us a nice short zone. Okay, so dips or buys, but the dips could be pretty solid since we had very light volume pushing prices up. Let's take a look at the NQ. So, let's delete this. Let's go to a daily. We can see the same type of formation right up into the call wall, which is 30,000, right? So, right up into that area. Actually, it kissed 29,995. So, they're going to want to get that a little bit higher. They're going to want to test that. So, the dips are still buys. The dips are still buys. If you're staring down a daily formation, look at how steep this formation is. It really is is fairly I mean, it's dramatically steep. Shucks. Can only see it on the daily. Let's go to the 30 minute. Let's take a look at things. We are right at the top of the high of the GlobeEx candle. Now, in studying the ENQ, this GlobeEx candle really does mean quite a bit to the uh ENQ traders. So, they're very likely to try to bounce off this 29,774. You know, they like to shake the trees just a little bit. So, they could dip below that pivot line. The uh main pivot is 29,872. This pivot below is 29,760 and then below that 29,676. They are going to try and buy that dip in in all likelihood. Let's take a look at that. If we draw a trend line because we're the trend line drawing kind of person, then that's what we would see. We'd see it come down into this edge. We'd watch them try to bounce, get up over the 50, get up over the VWAP, and then collide into all of this supply sitting near the top. And that number is 29,940. Looks like a pretty good bounce that could fade. Now, here's the thing. If you get up into this area for both of these charts and you see price action holding through that edge, it's probably going to be short covering that's going to send it up into the 30,070 level entirely likely, but we are doing a fair bit of rotation. And so what we want to stare down is this zone here between 29,700, right? That can go all the way down to 29,675 or it could be as high as 29,750. Somewhere around there, the buyers are going to come in. If that's too liquid for you, let it come in, hold the bounce, and then rotate back above this 29,774. And then you've got yourself um a little bit of a long action into the pivot at 29,900 into the 50 and then you know you have to sit above that VWAP. But this downward VWAP tells you that everybody's that's long is a little bit underwater and the rotation could easily come into the supply zone that sits from this 29,676 literally all the way down to the put wall which is 29,475. That also happens to be value area high. Could be pretty interesting in that space. What am I going to do for both of these formations? I'm going to look for the deep dips to give me buys. Could you force me to short it here? Yeah. I mean, I I like the short here. It's just going to carry a bit of risk associated with it that will come down into uh lower support areas, right? So, that's why I'm staring down right there. Let's take a look at the YM. So, whoa, check it out. Wow. Okay. As you can see, looks really different to the ES and the NQ trending high are still in a gap, still off the lows, excuse me, still off the highs. And with these top wicks coming into play, telling you that there's a fair bit of congestion up here that exhausts into the upward flow, right? So, we have to be pretty careful about that. Let's go to the 30-inut chart. We can see them doing the same thing, same fade. Here is the GlobeEx event. There's a lot of bullish pressure here. So, the buyers could begin as easily, excuse me, as early as this 50, um 950 area. It looks like they're trying to give up um a buy zone right here. But again, we are under the VWAP, big supply zone and under the 50 that is still up. So, they are going to try and push for this. I don't know if they're going to hold it. However, if they get above this 51,000 area, 51,070, we could easily push into a brand new high. A lot of people saying, hey, you know, nobody looks at the Dow unless you are from another country. And then that's all you look at essentially, right? I mean, you want to get involved in tech and all of that, but in general, foreign divestment moves into the DAO first. That's just what happens. And so, a lot of money is repatriating or expatriating, I don't know which one, um, back into the United States as the dollar continues to hold relative strength. So, this dip buying seems fairly solid here. The momentum is a little messy, right? It is trying to find support. We do know that support is very likely around this 50,900 area. If it loses that zone, the support pivot is 50,881. So, not quite 50 points away or maybe just over 50 points away. That will be a big tell because we can't hold here. We're very likely to go to the base off the candlestick formation at 50,774 and then potentially fill the gap, right? And that gap Yeah, that gap could bring us all the way to the pivot, which is this 50,620 area. I I like that zone a lot. It's worth consideration. So, yeah, dips or buys, but a little tricky space. If you bought the dip, it would be a counter trend move in this rotation. Once it gets up above old resistance, it'll hold as recovered support and we move to the top of the edge. If we head a little higher, they're going to try and get after this 51,35. Right, the market has been unusually strong, particularly for this cycle. We'll see what happens. Let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. Let's take a look at the daily. It feels like it's recovering, right? It's trying to recover. Traders are trying to hold the floor here. 1 2 3 4 5 6 days. They're exerting a lot of energy trying to hold this support. Here's the storyboard about exerting this kind of energy. Losing it will have everybody go, I give up. and they're going to turn around and sell it into the next big areas of frontline support. To me, that number looks like it's about 71,000. If I were betting man, I would say we're somewhere around that 71,700 zone. What is trend? Well, they're trying to recover, right? Notice this upward flow of right over the moving average. Look at this. It just barely came back before it shut off. So, there was a lot of pressure to hold this event and the traders took it up into the space. Remember the storyboard is if you hit a downward sloping moving average and you accelerate past it, you're very likely to retest it in the future even as it turns to the upside. That's just general mechanical flow because we revert to means. Big money reverts to means. So, what's the area we have to get over? You know, to me, it definitely looks like 82. If we can't get up over that, this one is dead in the water. And it feels like it's dead in the water. We are underneath value area low. Just lost it. And so the loss of this 50 simple moving average, they could easily fight for days around this zone. But the bounces appear to be sell zones. And as long as these things look like sell zones, here's where we're going to come back. Let's put a box around this number. Looks like we're Hello. Looks like we are 76,000 or so as a floor and then if not easily we can head back to 75,700 and then potentially 75,500 before heading lower. Right, that's what we've got. Moving average a little bit flat. So, it's going to look for support and then try to bounce. It's lost the pivot. It's lost the VWAP. It's lost the 50. So, they are grinding into lower support. Okay. They've also lost the 200, which is my thought. Hey, listen. If you can get a bounce here, it's going to make a good short. If you just want to go ahead and short it, short small size because it's very likely to have a reflexive bounce, particularly if the entire overnight stays short. They're going to turn around and try to bounce this thing first thing in the morning. So, you want to be very careful about that. Let's take a look at oil. Oil back down at the range, bottom of the range 92. You know, my thought is that oil stays above I think it stays above 85. However, it did break below that several days ago. Uh maybe where was that? April. Yeah. And so far, it's staying above 88. Now, we'd love for oil to go back down, but while we have this business with the straight, we have all kinds of other things going sideways on us from an energy perspective. And so, you know, we use diesel to run a lot of stuff, folks. Runs all the trucks, runs all the heavy machinery. And we don't have that grade of oil. We are net exporter of oil, but we also import a great deal of it. And it's heavy crude that we have to in import. And um what is it called? Sour. Heavy sour. I don't. Trust me, I'm not an oil person except to know that we got some props. So here we go. Oil rising. Markets fading. Yeah, we know this. This happens. But here we have a downward sloping 50, a downward sloping 200. They want to recover the put wall. That's at 95. They are well below it. Okay. over the weekend. I don't know what did we just earlier today we have to stop uh Iran from planting more mines somewhere. I don't know. And so it's a defensive measure or whatever. Right now the trend is fairly negative over the last couple of days but the bounce could be significant. What do we what do we expect oil to do? Right. Well, if things settle out, we expect it to fade if things go particularly well, but the rubber's going to meet the road sometime. So, the deep dips I like to be buys, but we really have to pay attention to what price action is doing here. And if we take a look at the daily, we're caught in this pete bog with all of this demand sitting right here between 85 and 89. The big put wall is down here at 80. The zero DTE put wall is up at 92 as I mentioned a little bit ago. They're going to want to get, sorry, not 92, 95. And they're going to want to get back above that zero DTE pull wall. So it could be a jagged overnight, especially if things go a little bit, you know, crazy. Oh, in case it fades. I'm so busy talking about that. Um 85 is going to be a critical mass number. So if you see any giant fades below that, as soon as it recovers 85, it probably is going to bounce pretty substantially. Okay. So you want to watch out for that. All right. Um yeah, gold. See what gold is doing. Let's put my chart here. See what we're seeing. All right. Gold a little bit sideways. So, let's go to the daily. You know, starting a new week, about to start a new month. Holy cow, time is flying. All right. So, what are we looking at? They're squeezing together. A big move in gold is coming. A big move. Is it down or up? I don't know. If I were a betting man, I would say it's down. But a lot of things telling me that I could be wrong, right? to include um my momentum indicator that looks like it's about to uh hold off of its lows and start bouncing again. So, what are we staring down here? We have the 50 above us and we have the 200 below us. So, it's squeezing. It's going to pingpong like that until the traders break free. So, what are we doing? We're watching gold move in the same direction as the broad market. a tremendous amount of demand down here. Wow. 4,464. Maybe that acts as a little bit of a um magnet, but what we're falling into right here is the value area. So, what are we staring down? Well, we've got a couple of candlesticks that are pretty much right on top of each other. So, let's take a look at this one. So, we're inside of that range and we are breaking through the range below. So, what is the thought? Well, we've got a we we've got a gamma line here at 4525. Pretty important. We have a 200 simple moving average and a 50. We're holding 200. We're on the 50. That's the same formation as the daily, right? And so we can see that the traders tried to bounce right off of the floor of that 200. Interestingly, also it happens to be the open of Monday's trading. That's 4531. As long as we hold that 4530 area or we go below it and then recover it, we've got ourselves a chance of getting right back into the VWAP. That's 4530. Pretty fair price right there. 4530. If we cannot get above 4550, we are going to rotate back down. Okay? And we're going to rotate back down into the pivot from earlier today. and then further down into this 44 uh 4490ish area, right? Uh here's a wick. We're going to look at that zone. Now, once it gets to the bottom there, easily we could see by. Okay, right now they are trying to buy this at this 4534 level. You know, if you take a look at a five-minute chart, you can see that they're trying to hold above this gamma line. So, it could be a bounce certainly, but it's coming from negative momentum and negative trend. So, you're going to run into a supply zone and that supply zone is going to look 4542 maybe 4550 and that is what we're going to see there. Do I think we stay trapped in this range? You know, I actually do I I sincerely believe that we're going to be caught in this peakbog here. That being said, whichever way we go, the first time we go through it, the traders are if we push down hard, they're going to try and buy it up. If we push up hard, we might just take off. But if we push down hard, they're going to try and buy it up. And if they can't hold it, you know, my thought is that we head down into the 4200, maybe even 4,000 area. All right, let's finally take a look at spy. We can see that of course we did not have Monday. This is Sunday night's formation that is in play here. No, this is Friday, excuse me. So, we don't have any uh chart action from there. If we go to the 30 minute, we can see that the chart action started at about 1,800 hours, which is, you know, when the broad market opens up Eastern time. And we're sitting at that interesting trend line event that, you know, depending on where you draw it, it could easily be a bounce into the formation. So, my thought would be, you know, let's let's have a peek at this line in the sand here. Let's take a look at it. We can see a demand zone right there somewhere around 743, $743 or maybe all the way down to 741. My thought is that we slowly leaped this entire week. We just leaped back down into lower levels. My suspicion is that these demand zones will become a magnet. That being said, we still have upward formations that are very solid. Where in the world is the 200? Oh, it's flat all the way. Wow. Flat as a pancake here. Yeah, my thought is that we do drift. We'll have to see. I don't think it'll be in a straight line, but certainly as long as we stay under an upward sloping 50, we're going to have a drift. They're going to find support somewhere. And that could be, hang on, that could be the anchored VWAP from the prior day at 7:41 or it could be the gamma line that sends us between positive and negative gamma. And that's down here at 7:38 in the middle of the supply zone. Markets are going to get very volatile over the next couple of weeks. No doubt about it. So, you want to be very careful. Trade small. wait for price to come to you and we'll see how it goes. All right, take care everybody. Um, and I'll see you soon. Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.
