VIDEO 07: https://youtu.be/IBjWYiGCm3I

Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the 22nd. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider. Gamma flows by Mentor Q. News and news feeds by Venzer Q and data analytics by Trade Wave. Okay, so what are we staring down? We are taking a look at the E-mini S&amp;P. Our dominant candle is still from the 15th of May. We still don't have any more action than that. Yesterday's levels were breached. Um I did take a short here and I was on uh group coaching. I did take a short. It broke to the north, but my size was very small, and so I was able to hold it until it came back into our 74 40. It actually did come all the way back into 74 41, but I did not hold it there. I held it until 43, and then I let it go. But it did a really nice job of coming back to our levels. So, what do we want to do? We're looking at a potential breakout here that will take us above the call wall. We tested the call wall just about 2 and 1/2 hours ago and pulled back from it on the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. The 4:00 a.m. took us into that call wall, and so what we're going to be doing is anticipating dip buys at the area that sits around 74 um 74 57. Now, it is in a dip buy formation currently here. That's because it's testing the Globex uh opening space. We're under a slightly upward sloping VWAP. We've got an upward 50. A flat 200, but we're above it. Momentum is up, but just slightly up. We've got trend holding it very well. The question is, can we get up over 74? 84, we have a significant area of supply sitting here. And remember what happens when we break a call wall, if we don't immediately fade, it makes the dealers or market makers follow in that direction, which pushes us up another 20 to 30 points into 7520 and then 7531. So, that's essentially what we are staring down right here. Okay. So, ideally looking at about 7457 all the way into the pivot at 7453. Deep dips are going to be buys. If we lose this zone right around 7460, which I think we should come into, come in and test 7457, 7453, and then bounce. If we cannot get back up over that 7464, we've got further downside pressure, and that sends us down into our lower levels from yesterday, 7441, 7426, 7411. Okay? So, that's what we are looking at here. Generally bullish. It is a Friday. It is a Friday before a holiday. We know we have a tendency to get good news in the after hours, sort of engineered that way, and then, you know, whatever. So far, this motion is being attributed to the deal that we we have on the table with Iran. No idea, right? You know, it's here one day, gone the next. Okay. Let's take a look at the NQ. Dominant candle still from the 15th. This one's breached. Right? Let's get this. Heavens. This one breached that level. So, let's push it up one more time. We're going to clone it. One more time. And it is sitting right at the top of supply zones. Now, where is the call wall? Well, it's way down here. At 29,124. We saw the breach of it yesterday that pushed us right into the levels that we have from yesterday's video. Literally, right into that zone. So, what did we see? We saw the break of the call wall, the rejection of the call wall into the open, the test of the pivot, and our line at 29,152, the breach through the call wall again at 29,000 I don't know if that number's 350, 330, something like that. And then a movement into our um higher level events overnight. Pullbacks very strongly buy zones. Notice the press right up into our edge at 29,640. We're coming back down. Dips are buys. Where is the most likely buying event? You know, my thought is that it's the call wall. If they can't defend the call wall, we'll retrace, and we have the pole to look at. So, the levels of 29,150 and 29,020 would be the next line downward. Notice, we have all the lines that we need for this entire rotation because it is very algorithmically driven. Okay, these flows are uh very algorithmically driven. Okay, so here's take a look. Look at momentum. Upward path, downward momentum. It tells us that that break is very likely to exhaust into a support zone. This is our first line in the sand. 29,430. Could we hold it there? Potentially, but it's far more likely that we get to 29,308 before the buyers try to show up. Okay, if they don't show up, 29,152. You might go, "Well, why can't I short that?" Well, you can short it, but not on a 30-minute formation because all the 30-minute formations are are long on the pullback. So, maybe go to a 5-minute. And here we can see the 5-minute has the rotation. It's got us under the 50, under the 200. That 200 is upward sloping. So, the bounce into support, push up into the edge, and then that area at 29,550 gives you sort of the reflexive zone that might allow the chart to roll over. Okay? So, you can trade in any direction that you choose. Here, they are hunting for support because that's what negative momentum on a positive trend looks like. They're just leaking into a support zone. This obviously is the first one. So, if you want to try and short here, not really a great idea. Unless you're willing to have um a bit of risk floating on top of that. Okay? So, let's get to the YM. Great product. Amazing. Okay. So, where is our box? All right, here's what I'm going to do. For this particular chart, we're going to remove all the annotations. Are we going to zoom out a little bit and we're going to draw Fibonacci. Where in the world are my fibs? Okay. We're going to draw Fibonacci right around here. Oops. I have to turn it in the other direction. So, let's do that as we eat up time together at good habits. What in the &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Okay, and what this gives us is our tracking event. Let's see where the halfway spot is. 6 6.5 7.5 Let's see where we are here. Oh, for goodness sakes. 1 2 &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; Uh [gasps] 3 There we go. All right, so here's four between three and four. So, definitely 3.5 is where it is that we are sort of jammed up against. And so, let's do a 3.5 here. Okay, so we're sitting right at this level. A lot of congestion, but it's very definitely moving to the upside. The dips are buys. Notice the technical divergence. This is bullish trend, but they're looking for support. If you want to take a short here, the next line in the sand would be the pivot at 50,209. The problem is this line that we are battling at right now at 50,470 is a likely bounce zone. So, they're going to try and bounce from there. How good is the bounce going to be? I think it's going to be tepid and then rotate down. That's That's my anticipation. So, if you want a short, wait for the test of the prior congestion event. That's probably 50,000 something like that. And then you can watch for the rotation down. What do we have here? Heavy congestion at 50,366 or so, and then the pivot. 50,216 Could it stop short of that? Potentially. But, that's what we're looking at. Okay? So, be careful. Watch your edges. And um you'll be in good shape. Interesting. Yeah, someone is trying to scare the buyers. Or scare the sellers, excuse me. So, let's see what happens. Okay. Let's go to micro Bitcoin. This one's a little bit sideways. You know, liquidity is the storyboard. And so, our liquidity event still says, "Hey, a little bit diminished. We've got 78,000 that's been holding as resistance relative resistance for several days. 76,800 was the support for the last two days. And what is our flow? We have a negative 200 that's just flattening at the 77,210. They They are trying to bounce off of this zone. So, you could see a bounce into 77,570 and 78,000. See how bright and thin this volume profile is? It's telling us that everything is compressed. So, there's a move building here. No doubt about it. Where could it be moving to? Let's take a look at a 4-hour candle and see if we can surmise our volume event. Let's choose this Fibonacci. And let me remove all the horizontal lines. Oh, for heaven's sakes. Okay. So, now we have something a little bit cleaner. We can see the expansion down. Halfway mark of that expansion is that 77,800. Is that right? Yeah. Maybe a little bit. That That looks like the congestion zone for me. That gives us the wicks. And so, as long as we stay below 77,800, we could easily see another rotation down. Now, if we break this 200, we're looking at the 4-hour here. We're holding it pretty solidly. If we break it, it will bounce. We'll have to see if it can get up over the 77,800 to move us back to the north, but this um is Fibonacci all-time favorite. This Fibonacci is very important for us to watch. It's going to give us really this sideways pressure event right in between value area high and low on the 30-minute chart, right? So, that's kind of the do-or-die there. It's probably sideways. Deep dips give you a buy. 76,000 maybe 76,500. There's a lot of demand sitting down here at 76,700 or so. So, we could still sit in this $1,000 range today. All right? But chances are we're going to slip. Okay? Let's take a look at oil. Oil continues to come in. Tracking our levels. Wow, look at this level. Right to the zone. Very nice. $95.90. That's the zone we had in yesterday's video. This big box Let's clone it. Let's use a channel. And let's put it down here. So, we can see the recovery zone. Now, here's the thing. If we lose this 75 right? We have supply zones above us at 101. We have demand zones all the way down here to 91, 92. The put wall sitting at 92. That's a zero DT put wall, which can change within 15 minutes. It could change. The big put wall below is at 80. All right? So this is very nice. We've got ourselves a nice rotation down. The market has done a great job of moving up while oil has drifted lower. Same sort of behavior. We're underneath the 200 and underneath the 50. Barely. So, bounces or sell zones? Right? Bounces or sell zones? And so, what kind of bounce are we looking for? Into 100 to see if it loses. And then, we'll have to see if it does a double bottom here. Right? We're in We're sitting in a big frame of sideways pressure. Look at the volume profile. They're buying these lows at 95 and they're selling the highs at 105. That's really what we're looking at. The question is, does that shape change? And if it changes, we need to follow suit. Is now a place you want to buy? Uh I wouldn't. I mean, I I would not buy on unless I saw places that told me, "Hey, this is a great place to buy." I don't see that. Right? We have a little bit of drifting momentum. We're underneath all the moving averages. Is it a good place to sell? Well, I'm in heavy congestion. Yes, I'm below the anchored VWAP. But, I'm also above the 50% range of this formation that we are staring down. And that is a critical thing for us to um to remember in this in this framework. So, we normally bounce off of these 50% areas and they have held pretty well. We can move this edge down to 97.26. If it holds that area, it's going to bounce. If it doesn't hold that area, it's very likely to continue to the south. I know. Thanks, Captain Obvious. Appreciate that. Here is the gamma wall, $94.50. That's going to tell us where we flip from positive gamma, where we sit now, to negative gamma. All right. Let's go to gold. All right, gold is fading. You know, a lot of people are calling for gold in the market to move together. I'm not really sure that's the case, but it could be the case. My target on on gold is still lower, but we have to see how it does. Look at all of this demand. The big put wall is down here at 44 44 60. Yesterday it held our level very nicely, that 44 94 level, and it also hit our upward targets of 45 40 and then 45 60. Really beautiful work. Absolutely fantastic. Now we're going to look at seeing how it does off of these levels. If per happenstance we break through into positive gamma, that is going to take us up to 45 86. I don't really see that in the cards right now, but it could definitely happen. How will you know? Well, first thing we'll do is recover the pivot. Cover the moving averages, recover the B web. See how flat this is? Range based formations. Deep dip, going to give you buy zone. Big spike, going to give you sell zone, at least at the first iteration of that. Okay? So, here it's in a selling formation, but it is coming into front line support. If you were short, I would say great place to trim some gains. And um maybe even cover. I don't know. I I wouldn't I'm not in a trade here. So, if I were in a trade, I would probably cover most of it and see if this one faded into a lower level because it is still sitting in this pocket of weakness. All right, so 4474, 4494 are the lower edges. We're sitting at 4512 right now. 4543, 4560. Those levels are really important. I do expect gold to break the ledge and move further. I think a lot of people are thinking, "Hey, maybe this is an inverted head and shoulders pattern." I don't think so, but that's just me. So, there we have it. Our fades down into this zone and then, you know, potentially, maybe next week we might see ourselves below the call wall uh excuse me, below the put wall down here. 50% marker maybe 4450. All right, let's take a look at spy. Whoa. That's getting super noisy, but it did break right into the call wall. Good retracement. This is why dips are buys, right? These big expansion zones that we see that look terrifyingly long, you just don't want to take them. You wait for the fade and then you take them, okay? And so, what I didn't do is wait for the fade well enough and I of course did this in the ES, but here it is, same sort of thing. Supply zone above us. Well above us is another supply zone near our all-time highs. To me, this thing is almost in the gap. So, looks like very potentially we could retest these new highs and continue onward for a little bit. Dips are buys. So, notice how savage the dips are. Adjust yourself. The dips are savage. The clean buy zone probably around the pivot. $741. Right? We have 7224. That's old resistance new support. So, if you took that here your stop would really have to be below the real entry point where I think it is and that's 7448. If you want to go short into that area, you could but everything is super bullish. So, that's probably a little bit of full serenade if you ask me. All right, that's it for me folks. Have a great long weekend. Don't do something that's going to put you in a bad mood for the end of the week trading, okay? Trade small or not at all. Take care.
