VIDEO 08: https://youtu.be/wq4Um6DRF7k

Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, May the 21st and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menter Q and news by Benzinga Pro. Of course, our data analytics all come from tradewave.ai for each day. Okay, so what are we staring down? Take a look at this stopping formation. was the number I set yesterday as the potential high in the range. We can see that that supply zone did take over, but this sharp move down feels a little newsy. So, the question might be, what gives? We bounced right off the pivot last time and now we have these flows that push us back into the base of the range. So, what do we do? Well, dips are buys, okay? Now, as I mentioned yesterday, dips can be deep and so we want to watch for those. The volume for [snorts] May the 19th looks like the largest volume in recent time. However, May the 15th still is the dominant candle flow. It's got the biggest lines and that is why I had this as the general topping formation. So, now what do we do? Well, we probably have got ourselves some sort of dip action sitting right around this area. Now, how well it holds at 7420 remains to be seen, but what we do see in the ES is price action that looks a little bit um weak. So, what does that mean? Take a look at what happens with every run-up over the last couple of days. Particularly last 5 days or so. Now, Nvidia used to be the market savior and listen, they reported yesterday great numbers. Earnings beat, revenue beat, forward guidance, everything looks amazing and the stock still fell. Now, for those of us in the Benzinga Pro platform, you know we talked about this, we talked about drift and um if you saw my video with earnings watcher, we talked about the last four events in uh the last three events, this makes the fourth in the earning cycle for Nvidia where they beat, they sound incredible, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; but the market sells off. And so, option sellers for the win. It's always kind of a scary thing to bet against Nvidia in one direction or another. And so, maybe a lot of us don't participate that way, but it really is doing exactly what it said it was going to do. So, what do we expect here? We've got an upward 50, an upward VWAP. We're sitting above the pivot. Momentum really told the tale that we would have the rejection up top here. Watching momentum is it's a tough thing, right? Especially if you're staring down trend and all of that, but a consistent drift down as prices move up do tell us that our prior mechanical flows from watching the region are likely to hold. And you can see that big bounce that we're watching right off the pivot, right off the 200 back into the box. So, do we stay in the box? If we do stay in the box, we will head up back to the top of the box. If we don't stay in the box, we're going to drift down into these lower edges, potentially all the way down to 7375. Zero DTE put wall 7350. The big put wall 7200. So, that has sort of slipped. The call wall still 7500. Um and the big gamma wall 7530 for now. So, what do we look at? Dips or buys? We want to see how well it resolves here between 7415 and 7420. Up above 7425, we run back into 7440 and 7462. Let's take a look at the NQ. So, uh volume from the 15th is still the volume to watch. The motion, however, a bit more jagged. Right? Top of the box, you can see it's leaving that edge at 29,300, thereabouts. We've also got an overlap and prior areas of congestion. And those really give us a resistance zone. Now, here's the thing about working with the NQ. It's going to expand up over critical levels, shake the trees, and then &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; break. And so, a lot of traders get caught in these sort of things trading the NQ, but remember, this is what the NQ does. It breaks through, shakes out all the weak handed shorts, brings [snorts] in the longs, and then shakes the longs out as they come into the edge because the longs are thinking, "Hey, higher low, higher low, higher low." Higher high, higher high, higher high, and so they think it's going to break when really it's just shaking the trees. How do you know? Look to the left and watch that formation. They're doing it again. Where Where they stop? They stopped at the anchored VWAP, which is and who is they? Majority of traders, the ones who are controlling price flows at this time. So, they stopped at 29,190 or so. The pivot is still below us as support. The 200 is below us as support, but it is trending downward. So, this area is going to be a potential do or die zone for the traders simply because we are watching see if they can recover the VWAP. That's over 29,300. If not, if they can't get above the VWAP and stay there, we're going to have a drip that drip down volume area low. That's 29,150. Right there at the pivot and then back to 29,000 and the levels we had from yesterday. The put wall is all the way up here at 28,900. That's pretty close, right? Supply zone above us 29,500. If we break through, that's going to put the shorts on the back foot and they'll have to buy to get out of their positions and that pushes us up into 26,640. 40. Now, we remember yesterday in the pre-market, we had a tremendous amount of buying at the 4:00 a.m. candlestick That's still important. That's still important and all of that um buying is providing a pretty nice floor and that floor probably sitting at around 29,070. Something to watch. We could see a very sideways day ahead. All right, let's take a look at the YM. Whoa. All right, big volume candle. We have it meshed from day prior, days prior. That's the 14th. So, they were a day early in terms of when the flow kicked in. And look at what they did. They came to the top of the box and rejected it very cleanly. Notice momentum. Momentum tells us, "Hang on, we got a problem up here." Those flows are very uh divergent, and so we must anticipate some sort of topping formation. Could you have put a sell order up here at 50,250? Yes. It could have run you uh out of the room. Or you could have gone very small size and been in good shape. Take a look at where we are. We're trying to bounce off the 50. It's going to be noisy. But, it is the bottom of the flows, and so we should with an upward sloping 50, we should try to bounce. Now, could it be we're going to test the pivot at 49,800 30? Old resistance, new support, potentially yes. So, what do you want to do? You want to step out to the side or go very small size here and wait for them to recapture that edge. This would be a dangerous place to buy, but what you're looking for is a floor of support that has existed in times prior. If it breaks, it could be a savage break that bounces. This is what we notice. We are in very volatile markets. We're going to have bounces up and fades down that are still bought. This is the same environment. We have an anchored VWAP down here at 49,700 50. Really important line to watch. And then, old resistance, new support at 29,695. Just read an article &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; that said hedge funds are very I don't know what just happened to my voice, folks. I It's crazy. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Pardon me. Flows hedge funds are packing in very negative flows for the next 30 days. Are they getting in front of it? Yes. Um could they get run out of the building in a squeeze? Yes. It all depends, right? But they are hedging negative, and their pockets are probably deep enough to handle it. Let's take a look at liquidity. Here we are taking a look at Bitcoin. That's how I measure liquidity. This is doing exactly what I suspected. I said, "Hey, listen, 78,000, that's going to be the area. They've got to get up over there and stay there." Now, what does get up over there and stay there mean? Well, not this, obviously. But, if you were enthusiastic because you're uh a Bitcoin lover, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; and you get long on a pullback here that is um a pullback into a higher low, and you take a long, the big thing to watch for is am I making higher highs with my wicks and my my candle bodies? This tells us no. This kind of information tells us, "Listen, we're trying to base, but nobody's got the energy to break out, nobody's got the energy to break down." So, what do you want to do? You look at the space and go, "If I were to break down, where would I go?" That would be the 50. If I were to break out, where would I go? That would be through the top of the gapping formation, okay? At 78,726. Where are we now? At a support floor. Okay, my mouse is dead. We're at a support floor. So, is this a buy zone? Yes. Yes, it is. Why? Well, because we've got upward flows here. We just lost this moving average and this is prior support. So, the traders are going to try and bounce through this zone. Could they stall out right here at 77,000? Yes. Could they move to 77,200? Yes. So, if you're long, your only thought is, well, I better not break the floor. That's all I care about. I don't want it to break the floor. And that's what we will stare down, right? As long as it holds 77,000 or so, you're in great shape. You know what I mean? So, that's I got to plug in my mouse. That is definitely what we need to watch. Could take a while to get out from there. If we break down, we've got 76,000 as the floor. There is a lot of demand down here. 76,500 is value area low. And so, that could easily be the line in the sand that we want to watch. Let's go to oil. I think we're in the end contract, yes? Yes. Okay, very big slide off. What did this come from? Um something like we're near an Iran deal. Okay, so and we hear this every day. What are What are we going to do, right? We We know that it is very important for the administration to keep oil prices down and you know, working through this cesspool of noise is going to be something that oil traders particularly have to watch out for. Where's value area low? It's 101. Now, notice what's going on. Big volume took over yesterday. So, the new boxes Let's remove all of these rectangles. Yes. We have a new box to look at. And that box is up here. Right? So, notice we have the downward flow. Stopped shy into all of this demand. It broke my ledge that I said 98 was there. So, it broke the ledge and then recovered. Here's the real line in the sand today. 97.45. Now, if it breaks, we've got the put wall below. And then we have the pivot at 95.90. We've got a deep gamma line below. But, there's also a lot of demand at around 94. So, between 94-95, we've got some motion. What's trend? Well, we've got an upward 200. So, we know that if we break it, we are likely to retest it. We've got a downward 50. So, if we break it, which we have, we are likely to retest it. Looks to me like we might have some sideways motion. We have initial claims at 8:30 Eastern. Who knows how that'll turn out, but those are ahead. The job market you know, sticky. We had Target reports. We've had Walmart's. I think they report after the close today. I don't remember. Those are going to give us real room to look at the retailer in general. And everyone knows they're just pulling in just a little bit across the board. I don't really I mean, I I do know a number of people that just are spending like they've always spent, but for most folks, there is a cautionary uh there's a cautionary slant to whatever they are doing. So, this will be interesting how it comes out. We'll see. Upward flows into 103. Downward flows into 95. It's a crosscurrent, so dips are going to be buys, bounces are going to be sells. Just wait for the tops of the formation, and remember that we are sitting inside of this box. So, that 50% range at about 101.20 is a really good spot to look at above below, and right now they're rejecting it. If they come back in and hold the pivot at around 99.50, maybe $100.20, it could be a pretty solid buy, but that's a messy space. Okay, let's take a look at gold. Gold, bounces are still sell zones. We bounced into the 200. 45.60. That was a great test. I mean, on the money for us yesterday. Pre-market, it moved above 49.70. My thought is, if we come back and breach 45.60 again, we are probably going to accelerate into this edge. Remember, the bounces are still going to be sells. Why? Because the 200 is down. Flows are down here, and so did we just break an upward 50? Yes, we've done it twice. So, we break it, but we cannot seem to break above and stay there. So, that's going to be the breach that says, "Hey, if these two moving averages collide, I'm going to move to the top of my range potentially at 4582 to 4600. If per happenstance, I cannot get up over 4540 and stay there, I will come back down into the pool wall at 4475 4460. Finally, we'll take a look at spy. Bounces, still selling, right? Big closing candle formation, but let's see our volume. Hm. Looks like It's really hard to say. We have a lot of similar volumes sitting around here. And that gives us flows that still hold this box right here in general. Right? So, the flows bring us the support at 738, the ceiling at 742 to 743, which we hit, came right into supply, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; just jammed us up right there at 743. If we break out, we've got a run, right? This gigantic wick here is going to deliver the next push to the upside. Look at There's no volume sitting here. The market really does not love vacuums. They like to go in and auction there. But sometimes it takes a long time for that vacuum to fill. Okay? We might not have the strength to do it at this juncture. The 200 is flat. That means we've got above and below. Our 50 is slightly up. Our VWAP is all over the place, but in general trending higher. So dips are going to be buys. Notice momentum again telling us the upside pressure likely to fade into support. What's the ideal buy? You know, 734, 735. That's ideal in this space. But they could be making a run for it here at 738. All right, folks. That's it. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
