VIDEO 09: https://youtu.be/r0UFBJ6vU2A

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the 20th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by Mentor Q, data analytics by Trade Wave and news by Benzinga Pro. All right, so let's talk about what we saw yesterday. Levels worked very well. Taking a look at the E-mini S&amp;P right now, I said the levels that we needed to watch 7396, 7375. Now, we had the put wall at 7350. Of course, that's something to watch. They gave a front run of the put wall and so once this started, it gave us that upward motion to retrace the prior 9:30 candlestick formation, which I believe holds the highest volume of the day. Yes. And so, let's draw this box. So, when we recovered this candlestick formation right here, right? This is a bottoming structure that you need to watch for price reversal. When you see the traders trying to hit lower, but they cannot, it tells us that they're probably going to hit higher. And so, once we re-enter this area, it gives us long action to the top of that candlestick formation and that's what we get, 7401. It actually goes all the way to the close of the 4:00 a.m. candle and the pivot, which gave us a nice short. If you were watching TopstepTV yesterday, you saw that I put that short on there and continued to have it in my personals. Ended up I took some at 73.92, and then the rest at 73.84. Okay, could have held for more, but I didn't. So, here we have in today's overnight a double bottoming demand zone still above the POC wall, which is 73.50. We're going to watch that. Now, super interesting. At about 4:00 a.m. today, we got a burst of volume that I have not seen in quite some time at this time of the day. So, they're expecting a fair bit of news. I don't know what it is, but a fair bit of news. And so, with all of that volume, what is the likely rotation? Well, we know we have the top of the formation, which is the prior high and the 4:00 a.m. close from the prior day. So, another short opened up at 74.11. Where is that one going to? Well, 73.96, 73.85. We are above these moving averages, and a ton of volume moved in here at around the 73.96 zone. Just monstrous. So, I'm going to suspect that if it fades into this zone, it will rapidly bounce. This is my thought. Where they headed? To the north. What are those choices? Well, we have our prior candlestick event. That's the low. We'll call it 73.92. Actually, no, we have to call it Yeah, 73.92.50 is the low, but let's call it Let's look at the open, 73.94, and then the new topping edge here. We'll look at as 7426 and then we get into the supply zone which could be somewhere around 7440 to 7450. It could expand through the range before breaking back down. All right, but we are something big is going to happen. There's a a move that's in play. We have a downward 50, so we expect some sort of retracement there. We have a downward 200 which means that if we break above that, we should come below to retest it and our view up is generally up. So, pullback gives us a buy zone. Do you want to stage a position right here? You could. You can put a position down here at the pivot at 738850, 7385, but go small size. If you want to really get in at 7394, 7395 where all that volume showed up, you got to be quick. If it moves, great. If it doesn't, you better get out in your direction, that is. Right now, there is a counter trend short in play that that could easily come to 7394. Okay. Um yeah, that's what we're looking for. Look at how far away this call wall is. They are still expecting tremendous upside pressure. That's very interesting to me. Call wall all the way up at 7500. All right, let's take a look at the NQ. Let's see how that worked out. All right, here we are. Rotate up. Look at this, folks. This is incredible. Comes right here into the base. 10:00 candlestick, measured move off the biggest candle formation and then walks right up. Where does it go? To the top of the 9:30 candlestick, and then it tests the pivot and also the the MOC candle close. Absolutely beautiful trade. Opens up another short. And where does that go to? Really, the target could easily be the close of the 9:30 candle or the top of the box right here. Okay? at 28,000 865 or so. All right. So, this is what we're looking at as support. Let's take a look at where we are. We're very close to the 200, but it's downward sloping. There is supply above us, 29,170. That's really where the Globex high is sitting. Is this a topping formation? It looks a little weaker as a topping formation than the ES. Looks like it's got some lift on it to me. And as you know, I believe this chart is going to move to the north. Right? Um I do. So, the question is uh do we want to get in front of this and just go long? Look at all the demand that's building right here. I would I would surmise that the same thing happened at the 4:00 a.m. candle in um in the NQ's. But actually, let's let's take a look at that really quickly. Let's see what size they had. Go to 4:00 a.m. 29,066. Let's go up here. Mhm. Not nearly as much. It's quite a bit thinner, actually. Quite a bit thinner. No no real volume there of of any measure. Maybe 100 contracts sitting there. It's It's moving in the ES. So, what's the ideal trade? Well, the ideal trade is that we look for the biggest candlestick of the the prior day. We know that's usually M O O in the Qs, right? And that high is 29,070. So, that's going to be the first floor that they try to hold. If that fades, we have first the low of the 4:00 a.m. candle, which is 29,021. And then the close of the 9:30 candle, which is 28,940. Interesting. That's very close to the uh close of the 3:30 candle, the MOC candle, but the low of that candle still is holding. And I see that number as 28,865. Notice the look belows and fade and fail. Um that's my homage to JJ. That look below and fail is a great formation, especially if you're looking at these big boxes. Lot of demand showing up here. This is sideways, and it's the top of heavy congestion. To buy it here would be a little nerve-wracking. Especially if we have any pre-market action that brings it down and then pops it to the north. 50 simple moving average, a little flat, but we're above it. We're above the pivot. We're above the VWAP. Below the 200, but pullbacks are going to be buy zones. So, the natural pullbacks are going to be, you know, 28,940 and 28,000 &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; 865. Maybe the midpoint here at 28,700 and 80. Should we lose the level? The zero DT put wall comes into frame at 28,700. And then the broad put wall at 28,000 600. Let's take a look at the YM. Woah. So, YM looks a little different, doesn't it? Very large range on the 9:30 candle. Holy cow, look at that. We're still inside of a range inside of value. Where is the close of that 9:30 candle? Just just below this wick. Interesting. So, staring this down, what do we have? We have a little bit of a mishmash using this kind of structure. And it tells us that this downward 50 and the downward 200 bounces are sell zones. Here is the pivot at 29,530. Really close to the open of the 9:30 candle. And so, this is them trying to break above that 9:30 formation. If I mean, this looks like a uh dips or buys to me. But, the dip could be as low as 49,375. Could be better, but you know, it's it's really hard to say. If I were a betting man, I would look for 49,400 and 50. Right where the view up is sitting right now for the dip buys. Very interesting. All right, let's look at Bitcoin. See what this little stinkers been up to. Well, try to hold the floor. Let's take a look at a 4-hour on this thing. Wow, okay. So, a lot of um demand right here at the 76,000 area. So, it held that floor very nicely. Dip 76,000. Remember, upwards 200, dips are going to be buys. Okay, so here's the dip. The rotation easily 78,000. Um where would the test be? 79,000 500, 79,400. They want to get above the pivot wall, which is 80,000. So, can they do it? Well, I think they're going to try for sure. So, dips are buys as long as we stay above the pivot. And that's 76,800. Losing that pivot, you probably ought to stay out of the way. You could maybe try to pick it up again at 76,000 and then run it to the north. Below 76,000, we're looking at a lot further rotation. A lot further rotation. Maybe 75, 73, 71. At this juncture, dips are buys and that's going to probably push the market to the north. But, as you can see, this is very congested. This formation is incredibly On the 30-minute we're seeing oh, some overnight volume. That's unusual. So, let's draw a line here at 77,200. See if it bounces off of that zone. That might be the buy zone here. Right? Dips are buys. Trying to build uh a base for the chart. And then a walk up, but a downward 200 on the 30-minute, that push up is going to give us a sell zone. The put wall is really what they're after, and the longer they stay under the put wall the more um they are going to have to sell the instrument unless it changes shape. All right. Wow, we have just treading the water right now in terms of motion. Let's see if crude oil well has rolled. Whoa. Well, isn't that interesting? Let me have a look at this. Um let's see. June I I think we moved to the July contract. Oh, wrong. Sorry. Let's see what contracts we're we are in. Um C L N futures. July. Okay, so this is July's contract, I believe. Oh, no. This is July's contract. That is very interesting what we were looking at over there. Massive gap down. Somebody rolled something. But, look at this bouncing right off of the 200 simple moving average. Let's take a look at what's going on. Big volume candle. Yesterday, that's a normal space. It's the 2:00 p.m. candle for oil. And so, correlation between oil and the future still pretty solid. I mean, it's not 90% or anything, but it it's it's definitely more than 60, right? And so, there is a a weak relationship that exists there. This bounce could bring us a fade, and then the next fade down for the chart will give the futures the bounce. So, let's let's take a peek, see if we're doing any kind of measured move stuff. Oops. Okay, nothing there. Let's see what this range looks like. Okay, that's the candle we're watching. Okay, so let me move these guys out of the way. Okay. So, the candle we're watching is the high volume candle from What day is this? I don't know, 2 days ago. You know what I'm talking about. And the expansion almost right down to the bottom. So, where they going to try and get back up to 103? So, we want to want to we want to watch that 103 region. 200 up, 50 flat, V web down, that's a big fat cross current. Okay? So, watch for the bounces and see if they fade again. Uh that forward contract that we looked at, very interesting. I mean, wow. So, if this is a contract roll that we just saw over there in the other space, we have tons of demand down here at the to 98 dollars and 40 cent level. That's what we're looking at. Could this easily rotate down? Yes. It's going to get bought up as soon as it does. We we have an oil event. We do. The world is not a wash in it currently. Not that it can't be. It's just sitting in the ground. Okay, let's take a look at gold. 9:30 candlestick from yesterday, big big candle, right? Let's take a look at the anticipation of what we expected yesterday. So, we had this range break from the day before, them trying to hold the edge. They move up into the gamma wall, right into 4600. My thought was, you know, maybe they get to Is this 9:30 candle? Maybe they get to value area high, which they did, right? Somewhere around here, we have the topping formation early, and then that rotation down here, and the goal was, if we stayed above dollars, this would be a good buy. And if not, then we'd have to look at 4512 to 4500. Right? And so the call the put wall 44 65 the zero DT put wall is 4485. This is weak again. This is sovereign nations selling gold to pay bills. Okay? This is what is happening. All right. So, as we sit right here we have two choices. The bounce up that gives us potential buy into 4560 and the downward sloping 200. That seems fairly likely. Right? It's definitely a possibility. If it expands further we have this gamma line at 4615 but the gamma wall at 45 96. 4600 is probably what we're after. So, bounces or sells in my opinion, they're trying to hold the put wall. Remember, we break the put wall with force and cannot recover we will cascade. And you know, my suspicion is our cascade takes us below here. So, we'll just have to see. Now if I'm wrong and they're finished selling and it's time to buy again, they're going to punch into the 200 pull back and hold this 4532 area and it's going to give us another potential buy zone. Could you buy it right now? You could. Would I? No. Right, here's my 9:30 candle open. They just breached that. They could easily go from this 4494 to 4512. If you're interested in taking that trade, fantastic. It could go into the anchored VWAP 4523. To trade that, I would go to an incredibly tight time frame and then watch for the breaks. So, that would be either a 1-minute or a 5-minute. All right, let's go to spy. Spy broke our 733 ledge. But, the recovery of it gave us the clear buy zone. And where are we? Inside candle. Just like gold. Inside candle. Now, notice this is a very big selling candle here. 3.3 million. It's a little outsized. Last one of that measure was 3.4 What? This one's higher. 3.4 and this one is 3.3. Okay. So, where's our 3.4 candle? We still got it measured. So, the ledge for the break to the north 738. If it starts breaking up over that zone, the pullbacks are going to give us buys more than likely. Where are we? We're above the 50, we're above the VWAP, we're above the pivot, but they're all sloping downward in general. Momentum is flat. So, watch for the dip to buy. So, where is the solid dip? Could [snorts] it be the open of the 3:30 candle? Yes, potentially. Could it be Mhm, could it be the low of that 330 candle? Yes, and that's 732.70. These wicks, they look like they're going to get bought today. They look like they're going to get bought. Don't jam yourself up. Watch your size and just follow the yellow brick road. Okay? If this candlestick does the trick, we'll be looking at 742 as the move, though the candlestick we really the one we really want to watch is this one. And that gives us about 740. Right? We'll see. Dips are buys. Hey, be careful. I'll see you guys on the stream.
