VIDEO 10: https://youtu.be/439rvTjSyVI

Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, May the 19th. My name is Anne Marie Band, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. And here we go. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q, news and newsfeeds by Benzinga Pro, and data analytics by TradeWave. All right, what are we staring down? We have had 2 days of um pretty fairly solid downside motion in the premarket. But when we get to the trading day, it gets a little grindy, okay? So, the dominant candle flow is still from May the 15th. I got to fix that. Hang on a second. My code says something different. Okay. Um All right. So, here we are, and we had a tremendous measured move. Look at how clean this is. Here's the high-low of that dominant candle. Yesterday, the rotations moved through it, double bottomed, tested above the 50% range, but right into the pivot, and now we're still in the box. What What has to happen here? Well, somebody's got the result of something. So, who do I think it is? I think it's going to be the buyers. I mean, that's that's my gut. Now, I could be quite wrong, and if I am wrong, then we're going to run into What's the first thing that might happen here? We've got Let's use a channel again. Here's our market on close level. We're back inside of that candle. So, the 50% range, 7411, that's what I suspect is our first target up and the primary fight zone. Right? So, the buy areas are going to be anywhere between these two candlesticks, yesterday's 30 minutes, uh 3:00 p.m. candlestick, all the way down at 7375-ish. And then all the way up into 7392. This looks like a very sideways patch, 200, flat as a pancake. This is a 20, right? This is not a 50. I can't remember. No, this is a 50. Very flat. Okay. So, here's the 50, super flat, and then of course our VWAP is it's messy, right? So, this is sideways formation. When we have range-based formation, we buy on the edges of the low, and we sell on the edges of the high. What we also do not do is take partial profits and move stops up. We just go from support to resistance or resistance to support. If we try to move stops up, what we end up doing is giving back a bunch of the move because the price action just uh doesn't comply. It just moves into the space and then jockeys around and gives it all back cuz it's it doesn't come in flow. So, it'll bounce up into this area, you take your profit, you watch for the next pullback, and then you go in again. Okay? So, try to get as close to the edges as possible. So, what are those edges? We talked about them, 7375, 7392. Here's one. It's the midpoint, 7400. The pivot is above that, 7411, 7416. My suspicion is that we see some sort of bounce here. We are in a rotational space. Take a look what's happening. Here's the 4-hour chart and what we can see is that we've got a lot of extra volume coming in over the last couple of days. What is that volume trying to do? Well, first of all, it's trying to hold a floor. That's the first thing at that 7375. Then, what the traders are trying to do is break through resistance. Now, some might say, "Hey, isn't that a flag pattern?" Could be. Right? That's a bull flag, which has bearish volume, and it resolves in the direction of the pole, if indeed that's what it is. I suspect something a little different, but the break of the pole sends us back into 7450. And 7450 happens to be the top of that very big candle formation from 2 days ago. All right, let's do this and look at that mess. Good golly. Let's Let's do this. Very noisy. I was talking to the guys over at TrendSpider yesterday. And uh Nader, who's awesome, said, "You got too many lines on that screen." He's not wrong, is he? So, let's uh let's clean this up just a wee bit and then we'll we'll get rid of all the channels. Yes. Okay, cleans it up a little bit. At least you can stop and see the levels. All right, let's go to the NQ. The goal is to understand the measured move. Let's take a look at volume. 9387. Okay, so this is still our dominant candle. My goodness. A little bit leakier than the other. But still, we've got the same problem. We've got this downward trend for several days. And the traders are doing their best to try and break it. They want to break that trend. Now, I don't know if they will. They sure are trying. If they don't, we've got ourselves another cascade. And for the NQ, we don't see demand zones until 28,400. So, let's see where that Okay, so that's some sort of breakout pattern here under bigger volume. Probably the contract roll event. If we're going to say, "Hey, what's the reason for that?" And there is 9:30 of that candlestick. That's 28,3 136. The high of that candlestick, 28,503. And the close, 28,467. That's what we're going to stare down. Okay, that's that's really if we collapse south, that's where we're headed. If we move to the north, we're going to walk right back up these candlesticks. Right back up. And so, that gives us support zones, potentially. Leaky support at 28,865. Let's take a look at a pivot as a line in the sand, 28,781. We are under the put wall. And being under the put wall, that's going to give us more negative flows the longer we stay under there. Let's Let me go back to the ES and see where the put wall is. Yeah, the put wall is not until 7350. So, we're all good. All right. So, that put wall's underneath this. Um so, the traders are going to be very enthusiastic about pushing us to the north as long as they can before price action does whatever it's going to do. The pivots also trending downward. Well, for 2 days we've had this sort of support leg that the traders are trying to get over. What are the buyers trying to do? Well, they desperately want to get up and stay up over 28,930 cuz it gives them a better shot at 29,000. That's what they're trying to do. If you're thinking about being short, wait for the bounce that allows you to short. If you're thinking about being long, this is a fairly solid place, but remember with the NQ, you could have 80 points of risk. Okay? So, you just want to be careful. Wait for those liquidity sweeps. That's fancy. Liquidity sweeps. Yeah, wait for them to try to break the lows. Or try to run the stops. That's That's really what's going on. All right, let's go to the YM. So, the YM's in a very interesting spot. Uh some big volume candles. What is this one? 19,000 16,000 and 18,000. So, once again, this candle way back here, which we've measured with Fibonacci, is the dominant candle flow. What is likely to happen if that dominant candle flow takes over? Where everybody fought. Well, this is where we're going to test. 49,987. It could be It could be a buy zone also, right? Um excuse me, it could be a sell zone also into that space. Value area high is important here because it's sort of the There's all kinds of supply sitting up here at 49,851. So, we've got a pivot that continues to move down. They're above the pivot, they're above the 50, the 200 is flat, momentum is drifting down. This is very sideways, but notice how different it looks to the ES and the NQ. If we stare this down, we can see that what the traders have done over the last several days is just bring us right back into heavy congestion. So, my thought is that 49,851 is the likely target. Now, a lot of people are thinking, "Hey, this is our bearish moment. This is the moment we get to win." I don't know if it is. The market's not been very easy, and so when the market isn't easy, what we expect doesn't come along. And so, what we want to do is stare down how they're behaving according to price. And what we can see is they're breaking these lows of the overnight. So, that That doesn't look great, but they're also sweeping them, meaning they break the lows and come back in. So, this is an orchestrated move to move out all the weak hands here, which very oftenly leads to higher levels. That being said, if we lose the pivot, we clearly have got more downside pressure. That number, 49,575. It's also the anchored VWAP. Traders are buying in front of it. And in this space, dips are buys into a very heavy supply zone up there at 49,851. If they break it, we try to test 50,000 again. And I think it maybe wash, rinse, repeat. Nothing's going to be very simple. Um That is not what I'm looking for. I did not even know that was a thing. All right, Bitcoin. So, here's another reason that we might see price action hold and then move to the north. Bitcoin has stopped fading. Now, it could be just for short and then they're going to collapse again. As you guys know, I think Bitcoin's going to zero. It makes a great trading vehicle, but I think they're going to get shredded. That's just me. I don't I could be totally wrong. I mean, I am a boomer. So, that being said, I do trade it. And so, let's take Let's take a look at it. Very high volume candle on May the 15th. Well, that's weird. So, So, let's clone it and see if it makes a difference in the rotation. What do you know, folks? Magic. So, the low value area low also coincides with the measured move down, 76,000. If we hold this framework of 76,000 and then break back to the north, we have the sideways event into the high value area. We flip back to positive gamma, and that is 78,000. If we have 78,000, we can go to 78,700 and then 79,400. And, you know, then we're back in the race. Upward pressure. If not, we continue with the measured move as long as there's not a new candle to take over dominance. Okay? And that is a move down into 74,600. Let's look to the left and see how long it's been since we've been down into that zone. It's been It's been a bit. Right? Last time we were down there Woah, that's a big candle. Very far from where we were. But this candle here might be of interest. That's 73,120. The close of that candle is 73,890. And then 75,000. All right. So, that's what we're staring down. Hard to say what's going on with Bitcoin being sideways, but the the traders are um Hm, take on it. The traders are trying to work through what's going on with with price very clearly. All right, so we had a contract roll in futures. And so, here we are at the two This shows typical volume by time of day is Let's Let's adjust this. We're going to look back um 20. Oh, it won't let us go back 20. Can we look back 10? No. Eight? Seriously? Yeah. Okay. So, we can see there's a lot of volume building right here because it's the new contract and our 2:00 candle, which is the close of oil. dominant candle of the day We're still in the box. So, they broke the box and headed south. Let's use this. And we got to about the 50% edge, hit supply, excuse me, hit demand, and now we're up again. Trend up, momentum bullish in general. So, choppy action to the north. We buy the dip. Okay? We We buy the dip and it looks pretty good. D had an amazing trade off the long here. Just absolutely gorgeous trade. Um It was very nice. Absolutely fantastic. Okay. So, that being said, what do we have here? Value area high 103.90 104. Um they're jamming up against it. If oil continues to rise, the markets are going to sit under pressure. So, could we be wrong about, you know, what happens next? Yeah. I mean, me. Could I be wrong about what happens next? Me thinking the market's going to recover. The chart has got to lose $102 for any downside flow. And right now, that's your buy zone, 102, 102.10. Upward edges 105. Some supply up there, but not much. And then, um we've got 108 and then 109. Below us, 102, 100.50. Boy, we've heard that number a bunch. And then, $98 or $99. $98.95, $99, something like that. Okay. Good show. Let's get to gold. Gold also doing a bit of sideways motion. Let's go to the 4-hour and check this thing out. Woah. Um We're at the floor from several days past. We've got a high-volume candle here on the 4-hour that takes us here. And the zero DTE put wall is actually sitting at 4532.50. The big put wall is 4450. And really, this is a third day that we've been dancing between 4500 and 4575. And we have got a massive rock fight in the futures right now. Just back and forth. Just chopping people to bits. Okay. So, let's get to our 30-minute and see what we've got. Very sideways. What do we do in sideways ranges? We wait for the low and we buy the bounce. We wait for the high and we sell uh the spike. Now, could it be a continuation? Of course. But, our goal is to get our risk as small as possible. Not to 100% know the direction of the trade. We're just anticipating. And if we do anticipate recent past as prologue, then we wait around for that level. Okay? So, that's that's what we're staring down. 4512 would be a nice region. Although, 4530 4530 looks pretty good, right? Upper edges 4600. I would suspect that this chart continues down. Now, does that mean I'm bearish on gold? No, it doesn't. I just believe that gold has got itself a little bit of a leak factor into this 4300 area. That is that's my overall thought. Let's take a look at spy. Now, I am I am short spy. But, I'm short through options. And so, what I have is a slow bleed that's in my favor. Now, what are we looking at on this 4-hour chart? We clear upward trend. So, they're going to try and buy this. Right? I used to love looking at the 4-hour chart. It tells you so much very interesting information both pre-market and in the space. But, what we can see is legitimately for the last 24 hours, we've been sitting in a pocket, and that pocket has a floor of 733 and a ceiling of 742. So, it's about 10 points $10 of motion. We could easily stay in that range. Or we could break down further. The question is how much juice do the buyers have? How much How much strength do they have in the tank? I don't know. Trend seems to be very downward. So, when trend is down, even when we are sideways, the bounces give us the highest uh reward space unless we've been building a floor here. And then, the floor takes over. So, those of us looking for black and white, you're never going to find it in trade. It does not exist. It's Everything is a shade of gray. If you're uncomfortable with that, that's probably why you struggle trying to find the perfect indicator. It's not there. Okay? So, you watch price and you watch how the traders react to price. That's That's what's going to give you, ideally, the best setups. So, what are we doing? Candlestick bodies are giving around the 735. It's a huge number. The bounce could easily come into the pivot, which is 737. It could easily go through the zero DTE put wall, which sits at 735, down into 730, where the monthly put wall is sitting. Because we have uh Vix expiring post um options X expiry for a month, we have a little bit of support that the Vix will give us until that expiration event, but the underpinning of the broad market is gone and new options are piling on, and that might mean we have a little bit more of downward drift. All right? If I were betting man, I would say that the bounces are sells, but there will be some bounces. Okay? So, and again, look at this. This 3:00 p.m. candlestick, more important than the 3:30 candlestick. It's very bizarre. I can't remember the last time I saw this. So, we're battling, and we're battling at the 50% range of that candle. And so, my thought is losing that is really going to tell the tale. Maybe not one we want to hear if we're bulls. All right, folks, that's it. Big long story board. I'll see you on the streams.
