VIDEO 011: https://youtu.be/U3YQTHS7soU

Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the 15th. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band, charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by Menter Q, news and news flow by Benzinga Pro, and data analytics by tradewave.ai. So, let's take a look at the ES. We had a little bit of a pullback. We essentially gave up everything that we had yesterday and then some. So, why did we start to bounce right here? My supposition is, of course, order flow is going to be the answer to that question. And so, we look at the market on close and market on open candlesticks. And we can see that we've got ourselves a support zone somewhere around 74 30 to 7420. Thereabouts, right? And so, that's going to likely be the line in the sand today that's going to divide buyers from sellers. If per happenstance, we lose that edge, we'll use the close of that area. If If we lose that edge, that's going to suggest more downside flow. Yeah, that was me yawning out of the blue. Who knows? Okay. So, what do we have sitting up here? We know that buyers have been rewarded just about every single time the dips have come in. And so, we're just going to do what works. Here's what we do know. Upward sloping 200 simple moving average. Dips below will give us bounces. And so, let's trade the bounce first up into the Vwap 7475 and then up into the zero DTE put wall. All the way up at 7490. Wow. They're certainly on the back foot here. Big OPEX day today. We could see a lot of volatility. Vixpiration is next week. Yeah, so we'll see what gives. Let's take a look at the NQ. All right. NQ, same sort of thing. Here is a market on close line that they bounced off of. This is the market on close bounce. And what is this? Oh, that's that market on close bounce. I should have it moved over here. But that's certainly the reason that they're bouncing. 29,192. That gives us the floor in general for the day today. So, we we really are right at the floor of the formations. We should bounce back into this 200 simple moving average. But that average has moved flat. And so, the flat average doesn't really give it a ton of bounce. And we've got the downward flow on the Vwap and the 50. This one looks a little bit more bearish. So, let's suppose that our likely topping region is 29,478. Maybe. 29,000 to 400. That's also value area low and where the Vwap is sitting. So, look at this region between 29,395 and 29,419. That ought to give us a pretty good region as a top. Although, it's just a couple hundred points. So, you know, the NQ can move a lot more than that. If it expands, expect that it collides into resistance and does not trend higher. This is a little bit of a warning shot across the bow here. We're going to have to watch to see how well we can recapture these levels or we will drift down into lower areas of support. And those areas of support could be all the way down here at 29,000. Okay. All right, let's take a look at the YM. YM doing the same thing. Look, high volume candle. That's the market on open from May the 12th. Here it is, May the 15th. We tested it. Now bouncing off of that edge. Also value area high. 49,000 875 or so. Mhm. Do we expect a bigger bounce? Uh maybe to the Vwap. 49,942. This is an interesting unwind into the expiration. Could be [clears throat] the people are just pulling their options off and so the flow is a little bit more negative. Yeah. I'll see. 49,877 all the way to 50,000 is very likely as the bounce event. And then we'll see if it rotates downward. But dips definitely are buys in this formation. Take a look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin looked a little rough yesterday, but just as we think it's going to have troubles to the downside, it breaks the trend line rather dramatically. Here is our high volume candlestick. It is the 9:30 candlestick of May 13. Traders trying to bounce off of that area. It's also value area high, which is about 80,500. So, what's the storyboard there? Hmm. Um this one's very interesting to me because if we actually had um momentum that was driving us to the south, we probably would not have broken here. That being said, we'd given just about all of it back. And so the question is, what does it do next? So, let's draw Fibonacci. Hmm. That Fibonacci's kind of weak here. Doesn't doesn't hold very nicely. So, that's not the level they're working off of. Maybe it's the pivots. Those look a little better. Pivot lines are holding us pretty solidly. So, where is our first pivot? It is all the way down here. Zolinks. At the base of the formation 79,600. If that is the case, not sure the broad markets will be able to bounce dramatically if Bitcoin continues to fade. So, line in the sand 80,000 400 or so. And then we want to see how well it breaks above this. Look at all this congestion. This is what it just lost. Right? It lost the pivot, lost the VWAP, lost the 200, lost the anchored VWAP, and lost the 50. That feels a little bearish to me. It does. Feels a little bearish. And so, I would say bounces are potentially sell zones. So, you want to a look below and go. So, that would be a look below, gives a little bounce, can't recapture the floor of 80,400, and then it continues down. And that's what we'll stare at. Next, oil. Okay, oil. Oh, wow. That is a That's a lot of big overnight flows. I wonder what the news is. Okay, so here we are up at 105. Here's the uh this is the max line here for MenterQ. And then the call wall up here at 110. Wow, fuel is going to just be so expensive for those of us that need it. All right, so 105 is a clear round number that the charts are trying to retrace from and it has expanded dramatically. So, the fade again should give us a bounce. We've got a lot of lines here today, so let's If the fade comes in and holds this trend, it should be somewhere around 10380. Old resistance, new support. And then the clear pivot, which is about 10350. That would probably give us the first buy zone if you want to sell this. And I would be nervous to sell it, but you could. Um right now, it's trying to break the floor of the overnight formation that's been caused here. And so, it should be a bounce because the 200 has upward flow, but if it fails to recapture 105, that's where the short might be. Okay? Listen, it's pretty good short. I'm not going to lie. It's a pretty good short, but it's going to be sticky. I don't think it's going to run in a straight line. Simply because that 200 is upward sloping. And so if it breaks, it ought to recover, but I would wait for the bounce to short. If you don't want to go all the way to the 300 Excuse me, the 50, go to this broken floor here at $104.76. All right. Let's take a look at gold. Okay. Well, the gold has continued to sell. I wonder if it means the dollar is up. Let's take a look at the 6E. Indeed, the dollar is up, very high. Okay. Um let's get back to gold. Now, the dollar again, geopolitical unrisk sends us to the safest currency perceived by the global markets, that is still the dollar. Okay? So, here we are. Um here's gold. It's breaking down. Now, for those of us that remember, this is what gold is sitting in right now. Very big sideways patch. My thought, and that's why I have the line down here, is that we eventually test 4300. At which point, it could be a very nice buy. I would not I would not be sad about a buy there. Um but it would still be for a long hold. This to me says that emerging markets are still selling their gold to pay bills and to exchange them for dollars. So, what are we looking at? A potential bounce at 4522 or 4474. Still going to be a little noisy in here. It's going to be a fair bit of buying, but see the ping-ponging right here. If we looked at a 100 simple moving average, what would we see? Just for grids, let's make this 100. Ooh. Not even close. Yeah. So, we've got ourselves that uh that move downward that seems to come. All right. Now, let's take a look at spy. Oh, for heaven's sakes. Spy on the day. Fading. Let's go here. Nice bounce as we expected, right? All the other markets are telling us, "Hey, listen, this is a good bounce zone." 740 really big fade at 4:00 a.m. A 4:00 a.m. candlestick is the top of that is where we're going to look for price action. Well, maybe the open of it. Yeah. Let's Let's look at this open. 74330. If we get above it, it'll be great. More upward flow. If we cannot get above 743 30, we should move down to 740 one more time. What is my suspicion? That we test the 200. And that is 738. We can also break the 200 and then reclaim it. That kind of upward motion suggests that that is what going what's going to happen, but they have not broken that 200 in quite some time. Look at how long it's been. Last time we broke the 200 was April 29th. It's about time we break it. In general. Okay? So, we we shall see. We we shall see. All right. Old support could it be new resistance at 742? Maybe. That would give us more downside pressure. Or we come back, we gather steam, and we run up again. That's really what we're looking for. If we break these lows, could OPEX be very noisy? Yes. Zero DTE put wall 735. Could we come there? The big call wall is here at 745. It's moved down. Was it 750? And then here is um the big gamma flow at 750. And that's what we're staring down. Hang on 2 seconds. Need to add a guide post right here. Okay. All right. That's it for the morning report. I've got the Benzinga options show today at 10:30. And um looking forward to spending time with everyone. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
