VIDEO 012: https://youtu.be/a7BLgqwh6G0

Good morning everyone. Today is Thursday, May the 14th. We've got one day before options expiration. My name is Anry Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider, gamma flows by Menthther Q, news and news flows by Benzinga Pro, and analytics by tradewave.ai. All right, let's take a peek at what we've got going on. The seek and destroy trade. I just absolutely love that um terminology from Brett at uh Spot Gamma. It's really good. And so this is what we are after. The zero DTE call wall is 7500. It also seems to be the major call wall up here for us. And the traders are doing what they've been doing and that is finding the wall and buying into the wall, forcing the dealers to move up. I put a post on X yesterday that said the market is having its uh GameStop moment and it surely is. It really really is. So what are we staring down? Dips or buys? Let's take a look at it cleanly and then realize that all things all good things must end. Uh unless of course you know you're in heaven and then that's forever. But let's have a peek at what we've got going on. So, let's take a look. Are we above the pivot? Yes. Are we above the 50? Yes. Are we above the anchor VWAP? Yes. Are we above the regular VWAP? Yes. Is the slope of the 200 up? Everything there tells us we are in upward trend and pullbacks are going to be buy zones. So, let's talk about which is our dominant candle. Interestingly, 9:00 a.m. 9 the 9:30 candlestick from yesterday pretty pretty solid for sure. The big candlestick is still in terms of volume the 330 candle below that. Now what we do notice is that the 3:30 candlestick from that prior day which is Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday. Thank you. I can never tell the days even when I just said hey it's Thursday. I don't remember these things. Okay. So, this candlestick envelops this candlestick in general that so that 3:30 candlestick was enveloped by the 9:30 candlestick yesterday and that candlestick is now our master and commander. So, I am going to draw a Fibonacci on it. And here we are. We spent much of the overnight at that ledge and now we're breaking out. We are chasing it to the top of the range. We know we're in the seek and destroy mode. And so they are going to jam this callwall up as best they can to see if they can breach it. Now, we know their plan, but we don't know if they're going to get it, but that's their plan. Come up into the space and then jam it forward and see what they can do. So, what are the ideal dips? So, in my mind, we've got two areas that we can say, "Hey, I'm gonna buy the dip." The first one is around 7475. That might be pretty far away depending on the speed of motion. The second one is the VWAP at 74.82. Those are the two cleanest lines in the sand. Need about five points of risk. Of course, if you get above the VWAP or you come into the VWAP and you buy that and then it fades on you and then recaptures it, you'll get shaken out. But that's the trend. So continue to move in that general direction. What am I going to do? I'm waiting for the pullback, right? I like this zone here near 7479 7480. It gives me a little bit of room. I still have about an eightoint stop. So I don't want to load up there. I can load up once I recapture and continue to move to the north. So that's my plan. Now, let's say things break down. Well, every breakdown's been bought. Nothing changing that. We had a breakdown on Tuesday. They bought it right up. We had an early breakdown yesterday. They bought it right up. Could we have a breakdown today? Yes. They're probably going to buy it right up. So, that's what we want to stare down. Let's clone it to see what the likely pullback might be if it pulls back 7460. And that would be the buy zone. Watch this area right here. The put wall. Man, they were so aggressive with that put wall. They knew exactly what they were doing. Take a look. I mean, they broke the put wall. Uh, recaptured it and, you know, Bob's your uncle. Off to the 7500. It's pretty incredible. This is one of the most interesting markets I have ever traded. Very interesting. I love I'm just fascinated with the rhythm and the raw power of motion. It's pretty incredible. All right, so let's take a look. Dominant candle 9:30 candle of yesterday. Notice how the NQ looks, not the way the ES looks, right? So my suspicion is that we are in a little bit of mean reversion into uh support zones where they're going to try and buy again. Now we talked about this number yesterday. 29,478 sitting in the ENQ. Look at how many hours we sat there. Literally the bulk of the day and then finally we broke out. But then we still pulled back into that range. Our 330 closing candlestick closed right on top of our number. Right on top of our number. The measured move pulled it back into the 50. They're trying to bounce. Let's orient ourselves. Are we above or below the VWAP? Well, we're below it. And that VWAP is trending a little bit negative, but overall the VWAP is moving to the north. Okay. Are we above the 50? Yes. Is that 50 sloping up? Yes. Are we above the pivot? Yes. Is that pivot higher than yesterday's? Yes. Are we above the 200? Yes. All of these things say dips or buys. Now, could you as a scalp trader say I want to sell that dip? I mean, I want to sell that spike. You can. And what I like to talk about maybe is JJ's look above and uh fail. And that might be the best zone for you to consider a short. 29,628. To me, that looks like the right place to try a short with just I mean, you got to have 50 points to stop. It is It is the NQ. I mean, come on. All right. Unless you're waiting for the test of the pivot 29,384. That's really a pretty good spot. Let's draw Fibonacci. Yeah, that's great. 29,390. That's a good pullback zone. It's one that's deep enough for us to consider the long and have a ton of support. The put wall well below us 29,300. The call wall 30,000. my friends, man. Oh, man. Take a look at that. Now, that of course, you know, are they thinking about Nvidia, all the compute power people need with what these AIs are doing? Could be. Could be. So, that's that's monstrous. All right. So, dips or buys. If this look above and fail does not hold and we return, it'll become a look above and go, right? And so that is going to give us 29,715 29,820. The tail is clearly wagging the dog. Okay, this is all run by Option Flow. Absolutely incredible. Never seen anything like it. option flow. It's truly incredible. Have a gander at this. Holy smokes. So, I believe the YM has been just ahead of the ES in terms of price action. So, it's breaking out. So, let's clone this and put it up here. Well, wait a second. What did I just clone? I wanted to clone this. Hang on. Remove all the fib sequences. Yes. So, let me make sure this is the candle we're measuring. Perfect. Clone. We're going to move it up here. Top of the range. So, could we be seeing the top of the formation right here? Uh, I'm going to guess. So, watch this. Now, this is just for the YM. The ES and the NQ are going to carry on. My thought is to the upside, but the YM is going to start to weaken. Okay, so 50,187. You want to see a look above and fail. Let's draw a line in the sand right here where that high is. That's a textbook expansion. Now, I was talking to my friend Ashen the other day and he goes, "Yeah, textbook expansions are great except they rarely happen." So, what happens with the rest of the stuff? Here we go. We're either going to have a look above and fail or a look below and fail. Right? So, if it looks below and it holds that I got to say 50,000 somewhere. So, you got about $500 of risk sitting in that space. If you want to watch it pull back or you want to use a micro, that might help you in in grand fashion. And then um we'll see what happens. Could I be wrong? And could this expand yet another level I got to say potentially? You know, Mike Webster from IBD was all over this power trend. I mean, wow. Wow. Wow. Just hat tip. If you don't follow Webbby um on X or on YouTube, you should. He's incredible. But he got this power trend. So even a space I was in pure disbelief. He was like, "Nope, this is going to run." And man oh man was he right. Okay. Oh, fly in the ointment, my deers. Okay, let's see. What do I normally say about Bitcoin? It's our liquidity measure, right? And we've had pretty rough go of it right here. Lower high, lower high, lower high. That is um that's interesting. Now, we are under the P wall. So, if we stay under there, we're going to have acceleration to the south. Trend is down. Momentum just turned negative. Our VW is kind of flat. And then we have the zero DTE call wall sitting underneath us. So, this is very noisy. What's my thought? If it comes into 79,000, watch for it to reclaim 79,000 and then you've got a trade back up to 80,000. Other than that, you've got you've got a little bit of trouble, more downside flow. Is this a penant? Is it a flag? Possibly. And if it fades folks, the market is going to pull in. Now the market doesn't look like it's going to pull in. So we are going to anticipate that it holds. Where is the breakaway? Well, if we get above 80,000 and we can breach that 50, we can bounce into 80,700 maybe or 80,400. But you don't want to hold it all the way up because this negative trend is going to pull price action back down to make probably higher low if it is going to move to the north. So sticky bits here. Um sticky. Yeah. Be careful. Be careful here. This is this is an interesting one. All right. Let's go to oil. We have a lot of contracts rolling today, but none that we follow here. Okay. So, what did oil do? Here was our measured move off of this gigantic candle. Almost to the top. Now, let's think about why we might not have gotten to 104. A lot of reasons, but we did not get there. Just shy of this area. So maybe a front run of some kind, but we've had several look belows and failed. So it looks below the edge. Soon as it recaptures it, we can take it long into the noise and then a look above and fail to take us back to the look below and fail on this value area low. So what's the moral of this story? Noise. and use the bottom of the formation to try and get yourself a long and use the top of the formation to try and get yourself a short. So, where are those? Well, first thing, if you want a fair bit of risk, $9984. If you're looking for the sweet spot, $99.16. Those are good areas for potential buying. Now, what if it follows this pattern up here? Well, you want to see a look above and fail. So, I wouldn't just head out there and go, "Hey, I'm putting a short up here at 10294." I might put a long out here simply because my 200 is up and the general trend is up, but I definitely would not just put a short out here unless my stop was very tight. So you want to see a look above and then you want to see it fall below. So let's say it double tops. First area that you might want to consider the short is $1355 and then maybe $12.84. Okay, let's go to gold. Boom. Oh my word. Look at this mosh pit. Good gravy. Look at the momentum. If that doesn't tell you the story, good heavens. All right, what are we watching? flow two days ago. Let's delete all the drawings, shall we? Yes. I should probably try to be, you know, more professional instead of using little crazy voices, you know, try to be a little Tom Keenish and not not be like that. But then that wouldn't be me because I am definitely a little bit uh different. So here we go. Big formation. This candle is obviously still in control. This range event breaks old resistance becomes new support and again value area low 4672. Right? So, obviously we've had a little bit of a stop to the selling. Where's our pivot? Well, we're dancing right on it. 4700. Yesterday's pivot was above us and day before yesterday's pivot was above us. So, there is a grinding element down, but we are still holding the floor. What does this tell us? big bounces or sells all the way to 74, excuse me, 4730 and big dips or buys 4672. To me, that's what we're staring down. Where is the put wall? 4600. Where's the call wall? 4,800. Zero DTE call wall 4764. Could we have some sort of massive move to the upside? We could. We could. Just had a mean reversion event. So that's nice. So at the end, the fade is going to tell you where the buyers are. Okay, that fade. And that is 46.84 to 4672. This momentum is horrific. I mean, this is like a lazy river at zero. Okay. No, no rapids here. All right, let's finally take a look at spy. Spy jamming up against the call wall. Remember, the goal for these traders is to head back their uh building power and then try the rocket up again. We know what they're trying to do. We don't know if they're going to do it. That's the difference. We expect that they might, but this is a push to the north. Okay. And the call wall is up here at 7:45. They can't breach it in the pre-market. So, what are they going to do? Pullback action to give us the next bounce. Could you short it up here? Well, you could, but you'd be against trend and momentum. So, what would you want to do? uh you want to go to something super tight that's going to give you some kind of directional motion in your favor and even the 50 says hey if we break that 50 we're going to recover it. So that's what we watch for. All right. Where are the dips? 742 to 740. Look at the pivots continuing to rise. Momentum huge, right? Momentum is is pretty high and trend is very solid, but we are getting pretty far away from that 50. So, we look for the dips that become buys. Okay. All right. That's it for me, folks. Good luck trading today. I'll see you on group coaching and um you know I I look forward to spending time with you. Take care.
