VIDEO 013: https://youtu.be/IiWkK25oZ5A

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the 13th. My name is Emery band and this is the money ball morning report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentor Q and news by Benzinga Pro. Option and excuse me, data analytics by Trade Wave. So, what do we have? We have a potential double top. This is the call wall from yesterday, 7450. It's in the same place. So, if they break out of here, it'll be another seek and destroy trade and that ought to send it up into 7500. As it sits right now, sitting into Wednesday, you know, my thought is that a lot of these traders are going to try and unwind their monthly expirations, which will give the dealer flow some opportunity to fade. Now, I don't know if that's the case. Yesterday, I had a great trade in the early morning because I saw the mean reversion, saw the momentum drift, saw it lose the moving average, saw it lose the VWAP. So, it was a beautiful trade and then I gave almost all of it back um trying to short at the top of the range. So, did my did my system actually tell me to do that? The answer is no because the 200 simple moving average, the slope of that tells me there is going to be a rebound. So, anticipate the rebound, trade the rebound until it breaks and that's what I did not do yesterday. Super disappointed in myself, just not focused, truly and thinking I knew the market better than my signals tell me and that's, you know, very disappointed. But, want to be transparent about that. Okay. So, what are we staring down? Potential double top 7450. That would have made a really nice opening trade short. Let's take a look at how the charts are forming. Here is our 9:30. So, we have a 9:30 candlestick that represents the lowest candlestick of this entire formation. So, here's the 9:30. The 3:30 candlestick, all Eastern time, showing the lift into a higher level. The Globex candlestick gives us the one overlap sitting inside of this area. And our volume candlestick is all the way to the top. Clearly dips are buys. And it could be that it's a shallow dip that's going to give us the buy. And what might that be? It could be the close of the 3:30 candle, which is also the high of the Globex candle, 7428. Or it could be 7430. it could give us another bottom like this. And go all the way from to the top, all the way to the bottom. Very hard to say at this juncture, but if you're already short from up here, it's a good area just to walk it down. Here are the trouble spots it's going to have. It's going to have trouble at the VWAP. That's about 7435. Then it's going to have trouble inside of this 30-minute formation. And that could be anywhere from this area all the way down to 7415. So, the dips are the buys, but you can also trade that if you went to a 5-minute and said, "All right, I'm going to trade that break." You can get under that 50, but notice, see how they're buying it and buying it and buying it. This break here will tell you whether it's going to move right back up. You could take it, but it would you know, I would say a a C trade instead of an A trade. All right. Let's go to the NQ. Very big 9:30 candle. You know what I'm going to do? These guys um it's very congested in here. I'm going to remove all the annotations. And let's take a quick peek, right? Here is our 9:30 candle. NQ behaved very very much the same way, right? The dip down and then there the 3:30 candlestick is an overlap event. So, it's got some negative range on it underneath and then the Globex is also an overlap event and then here is our candlestick with the double top. So, if we have a double top formation, whoopsie. We have a double top formation, the range break is 29,500. Here's the call wall. Right? That's the zero DT call wall and it looks like the big call wall is sitting underneath there. No way. The call wall is sitting down here at 29,000. The put wall is sitting even further to the south at 28,850. Wow. So, look at the reflexive buying that the chart gave us at the breach of this call wall. This is what dealer flow does when a call wall gets broken. They have to buy so that they aren't losing money. Because for the people that went out and bought these calls, the dealers had to sell them to them. And so now they have sold all these things that give them negative delta and so they have to buy it to have that positive delta. So, this feels like it's going to be a rotation to the south. Short action um right here in my mind, the the short action is sitting right here on the bounce. So, if you get a bounce up into 29,400, 29,420, and it does not hold, it looks a little bit like this. Gives you a higher low. That's going to be a great short as the dealers unwind, because this wall is very likely to shift unless something big is happening. And again, dips are buys. Look at the slope of this 200, and it is still solid. So, even if it breaks, you can trade the short, but prepare for reflexive buying to show up in this formation. Very fascinating. Okay, where's the first area they're going to try and keep price action up? That's 29,200. That's my thought there. And then we've got the pivot at 29,111. And the anchored VWAP from yesterday at 29,045. The gamma line is right on top of the call wall. That's bizarre. Crazy. And the entire day yesterday was outsized movement. The entire day. That is fascinating. Typical volume by time of day. Very big flows across the board for the NQ. Let's take a look at the YM. Okay, so is the YM leading? Well, here's what we saw. We saw the YM fade before we started rotating over, but it really went in sequence here. Look at the length of this candlestick. Holy smokes. That is one of That thing is huge. That's 400 points deep. That's incredible. Okay, so let's draw Fibonacci. Is that right? Do I have Fibonacci right there? No. That's an extension. My goodness sake, what is going on? I'm going to leave that alone. Here's my fib. Right? And it's missed it by a little bit, but not not by much. Not not not by much. Let's make this blue just a little bit brighter so we can see it. Okay. It held the 1.25 expansion right here. And now it's coming back into the box. And where's the 50% range? That is really right here at the 49,560 area. That's probably a good support zone, but what a what a fate. That's a fantastic fate, 49,900. Let's see if it gives this back. This is a very big candlestick. Very very big candlestick, so we'll be watching that. The the traders seem to want to defend 49,500. That of course is a big fat round number, so that is going to matter. Very interesting. Look at the sideways pressure event. Again, tremendous amount of outsized volume here. A lot of volume. Look, 1 2 3 4 5 6 days sitting in this box, so we could very easily come right back down. This is very interesting. No breakaway formation showing until the movement back above 49,877. Bitcoin. Uh, nope. That's not Bitcoin. Bitcoin. Okay. We see Bitcoin in a pretty nice fade, to be honest. Here is Let's use this. Right? So, this is our trend line event. And we are under the pivot negative, under the 50 negative, under the 200 negative. And so, it's losing all of this pressure. You know what I say about Bitcoin, it's a liquidity measure. The question is, is it just caught in a box? The answer might be yes. So, what do you want to do? Do you want to trade it down into 80,000? Or do you want to try and buy it at the support zone? Now, yesterday, they did not have the volume events that we did in the regular indices. We had Where's my box? We had the movement out sized at 9:30. Well, that's Asia. And look where we are here. We're breaking down from that space. Let's see if it was a measured move down here. Yep, came right into the put wall. So, maybe we'll have the same thing. This looks like a potential short. It's falling pretty rapidly, so I would wait for a bounce. Unless you chased it with very small size, okay? And you can do that. 8,800 would be one of the spots you could trade, and then maybe 81,000 if you had it. But, that easily looks like a dip that can move to the south. This big candlestick is in charge. You can really see it right here. So, let's just leave that one alone and watch it fade or wait for the bounce and then take the short. We should see buyers at the 80,000. If we don't, we're going to anchor down again. And the next measured move would be at 79,400. Let's go to oil. My brain. Okay, oil is holding at 102. Trend up. Uh momentum still positive. Let's take a peek. And see what we've got. All right. So, we held this edge. It's moving to the upside. Huge volume on the closing candlestick formation. Today we've got the EIA report. You know, who knows what that's going to look like. Um but chances are any sort of pullback is going to give us a buy signal. The question is, how deep is the pullback? And here is the 200, very far away. And here's the 50. So, the 50's holding pretty nicely. Um could it be a trend line event that we could watch? Right, if it holds the trend line. The trend break is going to be the loss of the pivot at $100.90. And then a bounce that cannot get up over the put wall. So, notice this is the put wall. They've moved it all the way up to $101.50. Insane. The call wall is now 105. This is very aggressive positioning, folks. Really aggressive. So, if we lose that edge, it's going to force dealers into the market and it will move down, but as it sits right now, wow, the call wall's below it at 100, the put wall is above it at 10150. Bizarre. And the zero DTE for the call wall is up here at 105 with all the That's wow, you want to talk some aggressive positioning. Very aggressive, folks. I would be very careful. Right? You could short the top, very tight stop. You can buy the bottom, very tight stop. But if it breaks either of these, um we could see things move fairly dramatically in that direction. Let's take a look at gold. Gold is caught sideways. Gold is not a good trading vehicle right now, unless you're at the edges. Unless you're at the edges, I don't think this makes a good trading vehicle at all. So, what are we staring down? A 200 that is flat, giving us sideways positioning. A 50 that is flat to down, also sideways positioning. A VWAP that is sideways. The zero DTE put wall, we're we're below it, which could lead to aggressive selling. But we have the gamma wall that could be protecting us and we've been sitting in the same range for 1 2 3 4. This is our fifth day, right? Um Do you remember This is our sixth day. 1 2 3 4 5 6 days in this space. Where is the volume candle that is potentially master and commander? It's this big one right here. And where are we now? We're trying to get back above it. That's 4707. If we get above there, then we have the challenge of getting above 4717. If we do that, we're off to the races. 4740, 4760. If we cannot do that, then the floor of our formation is 4690. And then, you know, we're back down. Heading lower. And so, let me do uh one of my Fibonacci's right here. Let's go downward. And that gives us 4688. and then 4650. Right? And it it will keep us sideways, but this is a horrible-looking chart. Let's take a look at spy. Okay, double topping formation. Same sort of thing we saw on the ES. Sideways 740. Um is this a short up here at the 740 is, you know, good. Where are they headed to? Mm. My thought is that this candlestick right here, our MOC candle, is going to hold where we are. And that low is 736. What is the trend? Very bullish. Dips going to be buys. Could we come down into 733? Yes, we absolutely could. Um could we sit around here and chop? Yes. This This movement here, this V movement or U movement, could have people on the back foot. Or they could be ready to press in the volatility. My thought is, in a space like this, you wait on the edges. You wait for the fade, or you wait for the failed topping and try the short, or you wait for the breakout. The retests, right? You want to look above and go, or you want to look below and fail for positive motion, or you want to look below and go. And that's where you get your negative pressure event, right? Or your look above and fail. That's where you're going to get your negative pressure. So, that being said, that's the candle to watch. All of these price actions look pretty similar. The next biggest candlestick in the fray would be down here at 7 732, and wouldn't you know it, that's not it. This is it. Look at where we stopped. High volume candle, right there. Boom. Right? Great. Absolutely great. All right. Hey, that's it for me. Stay frosty, folks. Going to be a very interesting day ahead. Um, either way, don't be afraid. Take the trade, assess your risk, and move forward. Okay? That's just the way to do it. All right. Take care, everybody. See you on the streams.
