VIDEO 014: https://youtu.be/_quLx6uYbwE

Hi folks. Today's Tuesday, May the 12th. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q, news by Benzinga Pro, and data analytics by Trade Wave. So, taking a look at where the chart is this morning, it's very interesting. Notice, price tends to go where the volume is. So, what do we got? We broke, here we are. This was our closing formation yesterday. When we opened the Globex event, we tried to break above it. Remember, this is the planting of the flag, and these are traders going, "All right, let's take it long, brand new highs." So, they break out of the Globex, but they can't hold it. So, what this tells us is, hang on, this number at 7439, that's going to make a difference today. If we can get above that, we're probably off to the races. If we can't, we've got downside flow continuing. Now, we are well below that. We are almost 30 points below that, um at this juncture. So, the question is, what happens then? Well, if you lose the volume event, you're going to slip into the next volume event. First, you're going to slip into the one that's nearest, and then you're going to slip into the one that's biggest. So, we actually have a congestion of volume. What does congestion tell us? Inside formations, inside formations, inside formations. So, this is noise. The entire region, they are trying to hold the floor and trying to make a break. That's what the buyers are trying to do. Maybe they're not going to be able to do it this time around. Do I suspect some sort of fake? Well, I do because we've been running amok. We've been going crazy. So, I do expect that. However, as long as we stay inside of the flows, from the high volume candles and our opening candle range, you can see we're right on the edge. We're okay. So, legitimately from a trending space, you could say, "Hey, I'm going to go long right here. I'm going to take this for 7410." What would your stop be if you took 7410? Well, your stop would need to be about 7400. Why? Because these wicks are in the way. Momentum is flat, but they could come in and I know the new people like to call this liquidity sweeps, right? I just call it, you know, running stops, whatever, okay? But that's what we're seeing. We could easily see this sort of formation. So, what do you want to do? If you want to wait, that's perfectly fine. Collapse down to a tight time frame, wait for the formation to lift. The goal is, can you break the high? And that's going to be getting up over 7420, which is where the VWAP is sitting this morning. The anchored VWAP is way above here at 7434. Could we break up there? Yeah. Listen, a lot of people are going to try and buy this. Why? Uh cuz they bought it here and they moved to a brand new high. Yeah, they got they got rewarded yesterday. They're going to try to get today. Remember, we traders, we're simpletons. We go, we say, "I bet there's a $100 bill sitting over there in the corner. So, I'm going to get it." Easy. That's how you do it. Okay? So, risk events, if it breaks the edge and heads lower, what what are we looking at? Break of the 200, test of yesterday's pivot, that's 7394, and then potentially a move into 7377, 7385. Is this reasonable? Yeah. Has the market been reasonable lately? Uh, no. No. I think not. Um, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; I've had a lot of caffeine this morning, and I can tell. And I'm sure you can, too. But anyways, that's what we're staring down. The dips make buy zones, and that's what we're looking at. Could we flush? Yes. How What do you do then? You manage your stops. You don't sit out and go, "Ooh, I better not do that." I'm just going to stand away. Listen, it takes risk to make money. Just manage the risk. Go down to where the stops are and say, "I'm not playing unless it holds there." All right, let's move to the NQ. What do we got? So, huh. Here are some high volume candles for us to watch. Here's this one. Right? So, we're staring down our price action. We're under the 50, under the VWAP, under the pivot. All of this says bearish. However, the measured move for the closing trade puts us at a support zone right here. Right? And that's the measured move off of this candlestick of May 8. That is the market on close candlestick, and that's what we're staring down. Now, here's our next bet. Very big candlestick yesterday. Not a beautiful one, I can tell you. You don't really if you're long, you really don't want to see a candlestick that looks like this. But, as long as it holds a floor, you're in good shape. Here is the 11:00 the yeah, 10:30 to 11:00. This is um This is an interesting candlestick. They attempted to buy the initial balance low, and they did very well taking it to the initial balance high. Remember, I use opening range, that's 9:30 to 10:00. This is 10:00 to 10:30. That completes the initial balance. And so very often, if you sit inside, if you try to break down but you get back in, you can trade to the top of the range, that's what the traders did. Looks really nice. They traded and they held the area, but they had a double top. And that double top was also the top of value area high, that's 29,700. Excuse me, 29,475. Now, let's take a look again. Here is inside formation for the market on close again. So, what does that say? Inside of the opening range. So, literally, if we went long somewhere in the opening range, we're flat to potentially up by the closing candle. Traders said the same thing. They came out, said, "We got to get up here. We got to make some new highs." Couldn't do it. So, what are they going to do? They're going to walk it down to the high volume candle. Then, they're going to try and move it up again. Barely had a shot at that. You can see the tiny formation that is a doji, and then as soon as it loses that edge, what does it do? It goes to the bottom, and really it breaks the bottom of that opening range and goes all the way down into the closing candle of May 8th. Right? The last volume event. So, all of this, again, here's a candle, that candle's inside, potentially sharing part of that. This candlestick inside the 9:30, Globex candlestick inside the market on close candle inside this candle. So, we've got ourselves a little bit of sideways pressure that built up in the overnight, and now the traders are saying, "Wait a second. I've got to get right back up into this range." Guess what they're not able to do right now. They are having trouble entering the high volume candle. If they can't enter the high volume candle, and they keep rejecting it, they'll go to the base, 29,161. That's where you've been seeing the buyers. And then, if it bounces, but it still can't get above there, guess where it's headed. The big candlestick down here on May 8th. Right? That opening range candle. So, that also happens to be where the zero DTE put wall is, 29,100. We'll see if it's able to hold that zone. Right? It either will or it won't. My thought is, they're going to try and make it hold, but clearly, we are looking at trend and momentum that is a little bit on the short side. That being said, they're still buying the wicks. So, you want to be very careful. If you're thinking about a short here, your stop is going to be at the top of this box, at 29,255. That's a 60-point stop loss. I I love that. I mean, you could love it. I don't love it. I would wait to see what happens there or go to tighter timeframe and let it work out. Very quickly, remember the YM, I said, "Hey, the YM's kind of leading the way." Or maybe it isn't. And now it's lifting. So, the other indices are fading and now this one is lifting. So, it's potentially suggesting to us that dips are buys in the broad ES and NQ markets, this one is still literally caught in a peat bog, but it is above the 50. It's below the 200, but both of them are trending up. Dips are buys here. Where's the nice dip? Well, yesterday I mentioned, "Hey, if it comes in 49,627, it's a nice buy." Now, it's well off of that zone, making higher lows. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; We want to recover this 200, okay? If we cannot get above the pivot from What day is that? Friday. 29,819. This is caught in downside pressure. Could you trade it up into that zone? Yes, but it's sticky, right? And here is the volume candlestick in this formation. Very big volume candlestick and we're right in the middle of it. So, for me, a little bit of a no-fly zone. I would wait for the edges. Something to pull down and tell me I've got a buy zone, 49,560 or 49,627. All right, let's take a look at micro Bitcoin. Okay, so this one's fading. I thought, "Hey, listen, why don't we see if 81,000 is a good buy?" So, here's the thing. It came to 81,000 yesterday at the 10:00 candlestick and broke down. How do we trade these lines? When I say, "Hey, take a look at that one." The goal is, can it come in to that moving average? Notice, the 200 is there. Sticky. You've got to wait for it to fade and then lift. Right? It is a look below and fail. So, you let it look below the line and when it recovers, you take the low. Let's say that feels crummy to you. Well, look to the left to see where they've been buying the dip and then anticipate that. And Bob's your uncle. Right? So, that gives you a little bit more risk. Uh little bit less risk, excuse me. So, what do we have here? Gamma has flipped negative. So, we are now in a little bit of a pullback regime from the price action events. And so, what we are seeing is a potential drift to the put wall at 80,000. If you say to yourself, "Yeah, it's not doing that. It's going to lift." Then this 80,800 is just as nice a place unless you want to wait for 80,500, at which point that's also a great opportunity. Okay? You could certainly do that. Works fantastic. All right? Okay. Yeah. That's what we're staring down for Bitcoin. It's under a flat 50. It's under a flat 200. It's under uh the VWAP. It's under the anchor VWAP. It's under the pivot. Bosses are sell zones. So, if you're holding this for a great big run-up to the sky, I don't know. Let's say, temper your expectations. All right, let's go to oil. Woah. Okay. So, oil continues to rise. Um I drive a hybrid that uses uh the a high grade of um a high grade fuel and it was $5.79 a gallon yesterday. And I remember the last time I paid $5.79, it was when Katrina happened. I don't know if you guys remember that. Katrina. So, that being said, yeah, uh fuel's expensive. You know, I don't go very many places cuz I'm a hermit and I'm always staring at charts, but &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was thinking to myself, wow, that's expensive for um travel. Okay. Let's have a peek. Here's oil. Uh gap up yesterday. Let's take a look for high volume. High volume, woah, that's compression. All right, so we have a high volume compression event that it broke right through. It's pretty nice. Right, it broke right through and now it's heading to the north. Um I Folks, I wanted to tell you that gas and and fuel and energy is going to be cheaper, but it's not. Um and if it's cheaper, it's only going to be cheaper for a hot minute. Um okay, so what are we doing? Dips are buys. Monstrous flow. Look at the change. That 50 simple moving average on the 30 was just dramatic uh during the opening cycle event. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, let's take a look and see if we can find candle flows that put us near our current range. And we do have one. It is from May the 5th. Okay? So, they're halfway through this candle. Top the candle is 103. My expectation is that we head to the top. Get to that 103 area. Um I believe the halting of the uh taxes on fuel are you know, they're going to give us some kind of relief, but not not much. Um I I don't I don't know. Uh you know, politics. But anyways, here's what we're seeing. The breach up into this area. If it expands, the next Oops, that's not what I wanted. The next zone would be to the north at 105. Right? So, here we have $2 upside. Momentum is Woo! Really big. But it's, you know, this is where the chart normally sort of rotates unless we have some kind of dreadful news. Okay? And the markets are still getting propped up a little bit. Dips are buys. And the motion is going to send us to the north. 103 105. If per happenstance we get fortunate enough to get price action down to 96, it's buy in the near term. All right. Let's take a good gold. So, the dollar is running up at a clip uh this morning. Yesterday it was had a case of the zoomies, and so, um, what does that say about what we might be able to consider with gold? Now, someone writing a blog proposed, "Hey, you know, I bet oil and the mar- excuse me, I bet gold and the market both run to the upside together." I don't think that this is an extraordinary thing to consider based on what might be happening. So, let's just look at the flows. We have a 200 that's up, we have a 50 that's up. We're under the pivot, so that's a little bit bearish. We need to get above the pivot. That number's 47 20 or so, right? And we want to recover the VWAP, which is 4731. Is this a potential place to buy? My thought is yes. What's the stop? I'm going to need about 15 points of risk, and it could easily bounce and collapse because the VWAP is down and momentum is down. So, they've been hunting support. It just looks like this might be it. If you want to scalp your way to the north, you can. So, there's a fair bit of motion that's possible here. You just want to be careful with size because, as you know, things can fall off a cliff pretty quick-like, and so, you just want to be cautious. So, here is the last high-volume candle of note. Problem is, we're not getting We're not getting back up in here very nicely. So, if you do take this long, I believe it would not be unreasonable to cover at about 4750. Right? It just uh it looks bearish. Now, as you know, I I believe that there's a lot of selling in gold so people can pay bills, but at some point the number's going to come in and it's going to be relatively cheap to the interested parties and they're going to start buying it again. All right? I don't know where that is. And what I'm seeing right now is a great big mosh pit of motion. So, we want to be very careful about keeping ideas that are too heavily anchored in one direction or another. And of course, I'm preaching to the choir there because I got to tell you, I I can get some biases in my mind and the market sometime has to hit me over the head with a very large club. Okay, here we are looking at spy. What do I think? You know, they're going to try and fill the gap. But if they can't, we're going to head to the bottom of this range where the put wall is. Now, they want to hold the put wall, which is 735. And that's the zero DTE put wall. The No. The closing candlestick formation is way up here at 738. So, I would look for a collapse right around that zone. If it can't get above there, a short looks really nice. If not, it can go all the way up to 740 again and then we play another game of seek and destroy if that happens to happen. Right? So, that would be what I would suspect. Okay? Hey, listen. Take care. Trade small or not at all and manage your risk so that you can trade another day. All right? Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
