VIDEO 015: https://youtu.be/l82GRF5YonY

Hi everyone. Today's Monday, May 11, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report charts by Trendpider, news and news flow by Venzinger Pro, gamma flows by menthroq, and forensic data by trade wave. All right, so let's take a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. Whoa, look at how far up they moved that call wall. Oh my goodness, that is quite the move. 7500. Put wall stays put at what do we got going here? 7330. Wow. Wow. Wow. Okay, so they are expecting some kind of blowoff top. Here's the thing. This is options expiration week. And then we have Nvidia earnings. So we could stay in this space of what everyone is doing. And you can read this. Spot Gamma did a great analysis on the week of what price action has done. And literally they just like I said last night they are just they traders are coming in as long as it's holding a floor they're going to jam calls in first thing and then just keep jamming the calls and force the dealers to move. Now the dealers have uh the wall all the way up here at 7500. The zerod co-all is much more reasonable at 7450. They might try to push the zero DTE co-wall. This will be the wall they will buy with enough force if we can get up over this 30 minute candlestick from Friday. And this is the problem. Notice the traders all night. They literally have been caught in this 330 box. They tried to break back up first thing. Could not try to break down. Could not. So they stayed and gathered steam. Right. So this is the inventory build. Then they got into the low of the closing 30-minute candlestick. That's also the anchored VWAP. That number is 7,40011. If you remember from last night's uh market kickoff, we have that 7411 sitting uh right up there. That was our target, right? That was the first target. The second target was the fill of the gap. So, I got both of those. After that, nothing. No more trades. Now, here we are sitting at the base of the anchored VWAP, an upward 50, an upward VWAP for the overnight with the pivot below us momentum in decline. What is that telling us? Well, it's telling us that there's absolutely a force there. So, the question is, is the mean reversion? I don't want that. Is the mean reversion something that is taking us to say 100 simple moving average uh a 50 on the hour? I have no idea. Right? We can see from the volume profile that the highest amount of volume is currently piling here. It's also on the hourly profile. We also would see value area high 7425, value area low 7350. So, it could be some sort of mean reversion that puts us into this edge. It could be a return into the wider formation down here while we wait for Nvidia or the next ch to drop. I do not know. But what I do see is the following. We cannot breach this flag area where they when I say flag I mean they planted the flag and said this is ours right and so far the sellers are winning in the flag planting because we cannot get out of the box to the north the moment we get out to the box do not short this unless you're scalping. If you're scalping okay you can go in, you can get out a couple of points great. Don't hang on here because look at what they've been doing when they jam the box and they get out. It's all she wrote to the north, right? So, just be careful. All right. Don't don't short it up there. Levels below 7377. That would be a great area to say, "Wow, wouldn't it be great to buy that?" But dips or buys, right? The pivot currently 7,395. Upward flow 7,425 to 7,450. We could stay fairly rangebound today. Nothing dramatic. All right, here we go. And cute. Same thing, right? A little bit stronger. It got out of the box. went to the prior high and then rejected. So the line in the sand today for the Q's appear to be 29, above that. You know how these guys do, right? They go up 30, 40 points, 50 points and then reject. You got to be careful here. But scalping is also easily done here. Well, not easily, but you can get it done definitely. Let's take a look at trend 50 moving up VWAP flat as a pancake. They're trying to break to the north again. If they break to the north again, they've got between 20 and 70 points. 20 and 50 points, excuse me, to the upside. Call not that far away. 29,500. Put wall 28,850. The zero DTE put wall is 29,000. The zero DTE call wall must be covered up underneath one of these. So it also could be 29,500. I can't even tell you how long in the tooth some of these NQ things are. You know, a lot of people listen, we've been in a power trend, IBD's power trend from from William O'Neal. We've been in a power trend for five, six days, something like that, right? You don't know what a power trend is, the best guy to listen to is Webbby Randle Rambles on uh W. If you don't like a gentle, kind personality that is he's very his his heart and he's very gentle, right? Um, if you don't like that kind of personality, you're not going to like him. But if you do, he's amazing. Okay? He's great. I like people on both sides. I like the rough and tumble. I like the very gentle. I just It's what they're giving me. I can look past the how. So, he's got some great stuff on Power Trend. You should you should watch it. But, it talks about how long a cycle can run in this particular uh type of environment. And obviously, moving the call walls up, all that stuff. Listen, a lot of people are warning about a drop. They are, but it's going to be reflexive. Why? Because there's so much hedging underneath. The the problem is going to be when the wave is so big, the reflexive hedge collapses and that can happen. All right? So, we want to be super careful. All right. So, let's talk about this breakout. Upper edges as I mentioned 29,500. Oh, what is this? Oh, pivot 29,634. And then the max daily is 29,720. Again, these are from menth. What is this cute little guy here? He must be Quinn. Oh, that's sidekick. All right. Sitting on top of Q. Okay, so now what do we think? Look at the drift in momentum here, right? So, this is telling us that the anchor to the upside could easily collapse. When momentum is not doing the same thing as trend, upward motion has a lifespan on it, unless this flips. Okay. So, and it's barely positive. Upward flow dips or buys 50 29,221. The anchored VWAP feels like the move. I'm gonna clone this so we can do a measured move down. Yeah, it looks like the anchored VWAP is rounding about where they'll get to 29,164. You know the levels to look at if it breaks down. You want to watch the pivot and then the zero DTE um put wall and then the put wall, the big put wall. All right, let's take a look at the YM. Okay. So, does the YM lead or follow? I Well, it's definitely not following because it's definitely fading, right? We've had two days of fade. The bounces are the sell zones. This looks textbook. I drew this the last time we were talking together. And so, look at the Fibonacci, right? I drew this early on this morning. Fibonacci takes it up to the top. 49,500 fades the moving average. Now you might go and Marie, you said it would follow that moving average. Yes. Is it following the moving average? It is. Does that mean you short the moving average? No. You short the levels. The moving average just tells you directionally what's likely to happen if you take a decision at the level. So, for instance, unless you're scalping, if you take the break, if you say, "Hey, this is a steep downward moving average. I'm going to go long, you're going to have a lot of candlesticks that are going to try and stop you out." And eventually, it will hold trend. Now, this took this was a savage break. This was this was textbook volume, right? Look at where it stopped. Remember, volume goes, excuse me, price goes to where the volume is. Look at where this thing stopped. The trending candlestick formation up here where the highest volume was sitting for the prior day. Now, the highest volume for the prior day is this box. Trend is flattening out. We've come in and tested it. It's broken down. We broke the low. Came into the region. Here's our 330 close. This candle box, same thing. We're caught inside of this range. So, you know where to go. If it breaks above this 330 close at 49,710, it's going to move up to the pivot 49,756 and then 49,861 probably. That's my that's my thought. Look at how nicely this Fibonacci has held. It broke down here, held the low, now it's moving back up into the box. The YM is actually a beautiful instrument to trade. It really is, especially if you're newer. You can still make a ton of money, but the risk ends up being pretty small. And if you start with a micro to get the rhythm and then go to the regular one, it could be quite beautiful. All right, micro Bitcoin caught in. Whoa, look at that rejection. Holy cow, man. This thing is sideways. So, here's the thing. I tried to short this top. I left my stop a little bit too tight. I got stopped out and I never looked at it again. But it was a very nice short, right? What's the moral of the story? Um, you're going to get where you put your stops wrong sometimes. Uh, even machines do. They just happen to come back and get right back in if the setup is the same. Okay. So, your risk is the most important thing. And because of that, your sizing is also important. sizing develop on risk. You got to be careful with that. Okay? So, you can't come in and go, "This is definitely breaking down." And lever up and blow your account. Just don't do that. A lot of us do that and we go, "Well, this doesn't work. I'll just reset my combine or reset my account." You know, how you going to learn like that? You can't. You can't reset when it's real money. Don't reset when it's fake money. Just carve yourself out and fix the problem and don't leave yourself overly exposed. If you're right and it blows away from you, guess what? You're going to have another opportunity. If it's wrong and you get out in time, great. You still have opportunity. So, pay attention. Okay. All right. Upward flow still. So, dips or buys. Where would I love to see the dip down here at 80,000? 81,000 doesn't look bad for long. The 200 is flat, which is kind of crummy, but that's because of this down here and this up here. Price action below the 200, price action above the 200. Could you take a trade at 81,280 where it is right now? Yes. But you got a VWAP up here that's downward sloping and so it could give you some trouble. My thought is wait, let it let these two moving averages, let the 50 and the 200 come together. Let the VWAP come in to that number and then wait. And when it gets above all of them at the same time or below all of them at the same time, you've got yourself a great strike point. For now, the range of Bitcoin looks be 79,500 all the way up to 83 82,600. Let's look at oil. Well, last night we broke out, moved to 100 into the call wall, and now we are back. We've got a downward 200 and upward 50, right? So, the trend underneath still holding, but we've broken this line. So, I'm going to move it. Where is the highest volume candle? Friday was very thin. Not a lot of news. So, we're still trapped in the candlestick governing the range. It's still Thursday. All right, there's the clone of Thursday below. It holds the 50%. Let's clone it for the above. Catches it almost right on the top. So, this candle is still the formations tell us this candlestick on Thursday is still Oops, excuse me. What time is that? 1:00. That's the closing candle, right? So, that's holding it. What do we have here? Um, could you try along here? Yes, you could. But this is the candlestick in force and we've already broken in here. So, my thought is you could try long, but it could be a look below and go, meaning here is the look below and fail, but it's not breaching the VWAP. So if we see it lose, I would say the close of that dominant candle which is 97. This is a short to the bottom of that candle box which is right near the pivot. That's 9550. The anchored VWAP is $9524. Very mechanical, very mechanical flows. You just have to find out, you just have to find a mechanic and then follow it, right? Everything has a rhythm. Everything has a rhythm. If a human touches it, we're going to try and force order on it. Sadly, we don't really know the right way to do that. And so, we're going to push things around until they break, right? My youngest son had a terrible habit of that. I mean, anything we would buy him, 20 minutes later, it was absolutely destroyed. He would go, he's coming back from Japan today and I I couldn't remind him of that. Begged for this pirate ship and it was expensive. I mean, he had it for 30 minutes and it was in pieces. I was like, "Oh my goodness, this boy, he is a wrecking fruit." All right, so here we go. And for those of us that have boys, we we know that this this happens because they're little savages, but he was a little bit over the top. It was hilarious. Okay, so off of that memory road trip back to life. Here we are um with gold. Gold faded very nicely. Look at where it faded. The 200. Now notice the two just because it gets to that moving average doesn't mean hey I'm going to go long. You have to watch how the traders are behaving. But the overall formation says listen they're either going to break down and then move back up or break down and stay down. But if the trend is sharply up and your momentum is positive, it is very likely to resume the upward trend. So what are we seeing? This is actually sitting down here at the gamma line of one day min, which is crazy. But that's 4675. It needs to hold that edge, right? Until it does, it's still sideways. But look at the VWAP. The VWAP is down. It tells you that people who've gone long are losing money. That's what that line is actually saying. And so the people that are going short are in charge. If they short the edge of that VWAP as the momentum is moving up, it could catch them on the wrong side. My thought is this is upward flow. So, the expectation is that the dip is a buy, especially if it's a higher low, takes us back into 4700. The biggest candle volume, holy smokes, is all the way up here for the prior day. That is a big candle. Let's see the range. Whoops. Almost almost to the box, right? 4650. That is pretty good, friends. 4652 is the bottom of that box. They did a front running of price action at the base of that location. The why might be very interesting, but I don't know the answer. I I do not know the answer, but that certainly is the box to watch. Where is resistance currently? It actually is here at 4688. Value area low 4695. Remember, if the momentum shifts, we're going to walk through these box formations. Look at where the ZDTE pull wall is. 476. The regular port wall all the way down here at 4500. and the call wall up here at 4816. You see the widening of that? This is just an absolute mosh pit. But they have to get back up over 4687 or this is going to run down into the gamma wall at 469. Right? I still believe that that gold is in a downtrend. Um especially after what happened on Friday. Now, on Thursday, I actually thought, wo, this thing could really break out. But Friday said, "No, no, not a choice." And that is what we're staring down right there. Bounces or sell zones. Now, could you take the bounce? Yeah, fill the gap, move up. You could make a ton of money. It would just be not on this time frame. You might want to try Yeah, that one doesn't even work. However, if you break through the 50 and you head up here, you could see the long formation. But this steepness is going to have to work itself out. It's going to work itself out in something that looks like this, right? So, you want to be pretty careful. All right. Finally, let's take a look at Spy as she has um spent way too much time talking. Let's go to 30. spy caught in a sideways pressure event. could be um could be the formation. 736 for the base. 737 738 on the high. It's in compression. We're holding the pivot which is 73660 and the closing candle formation. We're sitting right in the middle of it. That is going to be our breach. If we get above it, we're in good shape. 738. And if we get below it, right into the 50. So 735 for now looks like nice frontline support right at the 50 and then the upward trajectory takes us into 738 call 740 and then 1 day max 745. The markets are still grinding to the north folks but there is um the whole market is in a GameStop moment if that makes any sense to you. So, we just have to be very careful, especially if you're looking at your other investments. You want to be super careful. All right. Okay, everybody, take care. I'll see you on the streams.
