VIDEO 016: https://youtu.be/xzox4jGkMNY

Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the 8th. My name is Anne Marie Band, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma flows by Menthor Q, news flows and news feeds by Benzinga Pro, and forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai. So, full disclosure, I took a short here up near the call wall and near the 9:30 open of the prior day. And I have to tell you, I don't feel great about it, but it is what it is. And my target is actually the low, excuse me, the close of that 9:30 candle. That's about 73.87. Uh I did try a short at the top of the MOC candle, and I got stopped out, but I did that overnight while I was asleep. Small size, not a big deal. Um expecting it to have resistance here at the 50 SMA. Didn't really work, of course, so I got stopped out, and so now the next shot is at the top of the box. Notice my premise at the Mhm, what day was it? Uh Wednesday night, Thursday, I said, "Hey, listen, I think we chop around a little. I think we've got some sideways action." We can see that that is really what we have. We have the gamma line that says everything's hunky-dory if we're above it, and then not so much if we're below it. But let's just take a look at what we see. Everything says dips are buys. So, if this trade breaks to the north, I've got a long instead of a short, but I do expect some sort of leveling out here at the call wall. So, I took a chance and we'll see what happens. However, the only thing that's got me in this reflexive short is the fact that it's had topping formations here and we have the call wall here and the value area high and the 9:30 edge off the candlestick where I saw they tried to reject it and so I'm giving it a little go for a couple of contracts. Okay, that being said, what is the slope of the 50? Well, it's down to flatish, but really it's an upward flowing 50. So, they just found support trying to recapture the trend. So, we'll see what happens. Where is the regular VWAP? It's sitting in trending formation. So, it says dips or pullbacks. The anchor VWAP, which is the close of the VWAP of the prior day, is 7377. I would love to see that level break down and give us a little bit more movement to fill in this volume profile and make us a little more stable. Remember, we are going to see market rotations. The semis have moved very quickly and so they're going to rotate out of those eventually and move into something else. You know, the market will doesn't have the structure of crashing, just rotation. And remember, big money never leaves, they just find someplace else to hide. Okay? All right. Pivot 7369, we are above it. So, everything says buy the dip. 200 is up. It's all buy the dip formation. Let's notice the structure. We have the MOC candlestick printing above, we gapped down, then we moved steadily upward. Our 4:00 a.m. candlestick is above our Globex and our 3:30 candle. So, that's got an upward trend. So, now we're looking for dips to buys. That That will be buys. So, that being said, you know, we'll see. It I sure do feel like I'm sitting at the top of a trade I I shouldn't be in, but I'm taking it because it's structurally at the top of that edge. This is flat. I expect it to fade. So, we'll see what happens, okay? All right. Targets for the day. We want to see what happens at 8:30. We want to see how much volume comes in at 8:30. It's the employment number. Dips are going to be buys. So, the deeper the dip, likely the more aggressive the buy. So, where would be look for that? 7344. 7328. If perhaps it stands, it comes in and holds the low of the 3:30 candlestick, we've got ourselves a pretty nice trade to the upside. And that is 7354. Okay? Otherwise, it runs up the rails. The zero DTE call wall is above the grand call wall for the month. And the max is up here at 7429. The dips, again, you're going to be best suited trying to get somewhere in this structurally solid candlestick formation at 3:30, where all the pressure points are. And that is all she wrote, right? So, 7350 looks pretty grand. All right. Let's go to the NQ. What do we see? Mhm. Big topping formation from I think it's I don't remember when. Yes, over here big topping formation came down, held the put wall, then broke the put wall, danced around it, and then moved forward. Okay? So, we've got another topping event here. Look at how shallow this dip was. Relatively speaking, very very noisy. Came right into yesterday's pivot and held. So, what are we looking for? All right. Well, our closing candlestick formation not nearly as strong in the NQ as our opening candle formation. But, we're going to put a line around that. And so, we've got 20 8,607 ish. And then 28,708. So, here's what we're doing. We're measuring it. If you don't trade the NQ, but you're watching the video, say to yourself, "What is she doing to build the structures to make the trades?" That's what you want to follow, okay? That's going to be the best. So, what are we staring down? This 9:30 candle, biggest candle of yesterday, still doesn't beat this beast. So, we're going to measure both of those. We're going to measure this one. And that gives Oh, look, it's very nice. We've got confluence. Excellent. So, we have confluence at these at these lines for the Fibonacci, moving us up. Potential resistance, but could end up being uh old resistance that becomes new support, right? It would break up, come back down, hold a higher low, and then that would be your breakout formation. Let's Let's remove this rectangle here. Mhm. I'll remove this one also. These are measured moves downward. So, we're using this very big uh candlestick presentation, and now we're looking at this edge. There's a lot of volume in here, right? So, these candles up here certainly matter. They absolutely matter. And so, now what are we looking at? We've got the upside structure. Let's do Fibonacci on the 9:30. Actually, no. We did one Fibonacci here. Let's just get these boxes. That's the range of yesterday's 9:30 candle. I'm going to clone it up. We're at the top of that box. So, we're going to watch for it to pop up and then fade. Also, something looking like short potentially, right? Uh 28,900 or a big push up and then a collapse. So, wait for it to get back into the box before you take the trade, right? If you don't, you have no idea what the real risk event is here. Looks to me like they could come back up here at 28,930 and do some business, okay? All right. So, here we are. Momentum up but flattening. Trend up. We're above the VWAP. We're above an upward sloping 50. The 200 is well below us, but also upward trending. Dips are buys. These moves, folks, they get very savage very quickly. So, the moment it loses your level, don't think about it. Just go, "Boom, I'm out." Right? Just like for me, this move above, you know, 4703 or so in this long is going to go, "You're done." Right? It It is what it is. You went in, you tried it, it doesn't work. You move on to the next one. Don't bet so big that you're like, "Oh, I can't take that trade again." You're not learning the system. Right? Trade small or not at all. Okay, here we go. Now, we have the edges upward are going to be the clone of this rectangle that will take us into the call wall, and that is still 29,000. The put wall is 28,700, and they're going to try and defend that. All right? So, so far, everything looks bullish. Everything's pretty bullish. Quick peek at the YM. Not nearly as bullish. Big solid fade. 200 a little bit flat. But, it defended it. That's why I'm always saying, "Hey, if you're looking at a moving average, you better look at the 200. Nothing else." So, let's do an orientation. Where are we? Well, we're battling the 50 simple moving average, and that 50 is now down in an upward flow. So, it broke it and defended at the 200, now it's coming here. It's This is a do or die spot for the buyers here in the YM. All right? So, what is this candle? That is the follow-up candle, and then we get no real volume here. This 9:30 candle, this is where they're headed in all likelihood, 50,000. If they get through 48,855, they're going to try and attack this high volume candlestick here. So, let's remove all the rectangles, and then note the brand new one. We're going to draw Fibonacci on it. Oh, for goodness' sakes. All right. And so, we can see it's just gotten above one ledge here. Holding that 50, holding the pivot, the next line in the sand easily somewhere around 50,000. The close of that opening 9:30 candle is the likely target at 40 9,995. Okay. So, that's what we're staring down. Pullbacks are buys. The flat 200 doesn't give it a ton of support, so this could fade, but clearly momentum is up. They're going to run this in maybe into the number up above, and then they're going to turn around and sell it again is my suspicion. That's my suspicion, but for right now, you know, if you bought the you bought it right here, your stop would be somewhere around the pivot. So, if you bought it at 49,856, you'd need 40 50 ticks of a stop. Okay? That's what we're staring down. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. Running the show. Oh, nice fade. Nice fade off of that 83,000. Really really nice. Yesterday, another lower high. This morning, lower low, lower high. 50 is down, 200 is up. So, a test of that 81,000 not out of the question. What are we doing now? We're trying to get back Well, they tried to get under this call wall at 80,000, and they can't. Remember, the longer they stay above the call wall in trending pressure, the longer it takes. Hang on a second. The longer it takes to um return to where it is that they want to go. And that is underneath here. So, we could have another accelerated buying formation. Right? In general, what we are seeing is mean reversion. It's coming to the area. It could easily bounce again. Notice, as Bitcoin moves down, we have the ES moving down. This is a measure of liquidity. It's how much money's in the market. The more liquidity in the market, the more the market is likely to trend to the upside. The less liquidity in the market, the reverse is true. The more it's likely to trend to the downside. So, pay attention to the slope of Bitcoin because it's telling you what's going on in terms of liquidity in the market. Here we go with oil. Oil had a solid bounce into the day. Really solid bounce. This could People would argue, "Hey, this was a news event." Right? They came in, they said, "Hey, we're running out of oil." Now, a lot of people are saying this, right? And so, I mean, there's a lot of crazy stuff getting said right now. But we are running out of oil in terms of what's been uh what's free and easy to use. Free being available, not in the ground. Okay? And so, that is the struggle that we are sitting with in uh the straight as long as it stays the way it stays. Okay. So, what is this position generally? Could we look at this and say, "Hey, I wonder if this is some kind of pennant." Right? Here's the flag. Here's the pennant and um it usually breaks in the direction of the pole. So, what are we staring down? A downward 200, a flat to downward 50, but higher lows. And so, the traders are trying to hold the floor. My suspicion is that the dips are very likely floating around, but they will easily be bought. And this is going to continue I would say for years. I do not anticipate the broad motion of oil fading in any kind of dramatic fashion. However, doesn't mean that they won't collapse. They're just get bought up. Not saying there's no shorts to be had here. So, what's the storyboard? We're at the gamma wall. Gamma positive, we move up to 100. Again, that's where the call wall is. Gamma negative, the put wall still down here at 85. The zero DTE walls are holding us in range. This flat action in the 50 says to me, "Listen, try to wait for value area low to get a buy zone. What's the highest volume candlestick of the day?" It is the closing candle of yesterday in oil. And we just fell out of it. If we come back to it, the bounce action into 95 easily could give us 97.50. Very easily. If we lose it, then we have downward motion of 92.68. Okay? So, that's that's what we're staring down. Um Could we go further than that? Yes. News is going to try and push us further than than that, but not to fret. Um the dips are going to be buys. You just have to wait for them. If you want to sell it, it's probably better to wait to the call wall and let it collapse. All right, we have to wait for pushes up that fail, right? A look above and fail. The look below and fail. Those are very good indicators that we sweep the floor and then begin to move in the other direction. All right? So, that's that. Let's take a look at gold. All right, what are we seeing? Very sideways. You know, let me let me show you what's going on in here. So, we're trying to build a new volume uh profile in here. We have higher lows, but we have lower highs. So, we're in the midst of some sort of compression event. I don't know what they're planning on doing here. Here's what I do know. I know that as soon as I figure out what they're doing, I'm going to trade it. But right now, I don't see that. Here's what I see. We have a very large candle from several days past, and that's this one here. Let's remove all the annotations so you can see what I mean. The candlestick of March 24th. We could draw Fibonacci here cuz it's easier to track. And you can see that we're sort of working our way up that ledge, but this is a very sharp downward 50. So, if they break to the north, it is going to rotate back down. The call wall has done a great job on this side to hold 4790. But, it doesn't mean that it didn't break for, you know, $10, which is $1,000 of risk. These are very expensive contracts. Right? So, this is what we're staring down. We're going to look at this edge, see that it's sideways. We're dancing on the anchored VWAP. We've got an up to flat 50. We've got an We're above the regular VWAP. We're above the 200. We just crept positive in momentum. And so, what does this tell us? Dips potentially buys. Yesterday's candlestick formation gives us a potential buy zone somewhere around 4696. That being said, there's a sell zone up here at 4770. This 4770 4780 is a litmus test. If it breaches this zone up here, I think we head back to 4900. Now, do I think that's going to happen? No. I I really don't. But, I'm preparing in case it does to shift the mental flow that says, "Wait a second. We stabilized here, and then we broke to the north." Remember, when a chart sits sideways, it's gathering inventory that it can sell at a profit or have to liquidate at a discount. And they're all making their bets right here. So, we're in day three of sideways congestion. The technical storyboard is, if we have upward trend and we begin to move sideways for several days, the direction of the original trend is the most likely area that we move through. Okay, and that still is to the upside. A cyclical buy. SPY [snorts] almost near the highs again. Dancing at 7:35 4:00 a.m. candlestick, pretty strong. We are above the 4:00 a.m. close, the 4:00 a.m. candle close. That's bullish, right? But um there is our 3:30 MOC candle. So, that looks like frontline support 7:31. And then our opening 9:30 candle is right where we're battling right now. Right? We are battling in the same place in the futures. All right. Yep, so we'll put it there. The breach above No, you know what? If we break above this zone, we could exhaust at 7:36 and then fade. But I'm expecting fade formations in in the grand scheme of things because there they should begin to unwind into the jobs number. Everybody is long inventory overnight. All right, so the support zone is $730. I would not be upset about trying a buy down at the bottom of this range. That being said, it could easily give way and come into the 200, which is 723. These markets are not easy to read because the flows are jagged. So, if you're looking for an absolute slam dunk, just put your hands in your pocket and don't trade, okay? Cuz they are not here. This is a very hard market to trade. All right, that's it, folks. I'll see you on the streams.
