VIDEO 017: https://youtu.be/XGANxYenZfA

Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, May 7th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. We're taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. To begin, my name is Ann Marie Band, charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows by Menthor Q, and news by Benzinga Pro. We also use data analytics from tradewave.ai. So, what are we staring down? The call wall 7,400, the put wall 7,300. Uh CTAs are not engaging in the current updraft which could give them another burst of upside flow if they intend to go or they simply wait on the market to come back and then we rally again. Either way, dips are still pullbacks. So, there's been a big battle. Notice last night uh yeah that would be last night for this formation. So it would been two nights ago we broke the call wall and continued the rally to the north. Very very big flows moving up. I am very surprised they continue to move the pull wall up with them. I guess it's more aggressive hedging to the north. Price action is moving upward, but there is a space where the flow is starting to dampen and we are seeing dips coming off of the major lines. That being said, uh still bullish in general. Trend is up. Momentum is in positive trending territory. We're trying to hold the VWAP. We're above the pivot. We're above the anchored VWAP. We're above the put all. Everything is telling us dips or buys. So the question is, what are we staring at? So let's take a look at the volume of the closing candlestick at 3:30. I mean, wow, wow, wow. That very big spike. And so here's the box. If we want to stare it down and say, all right, let's let's see what our extensions look like. We can clone it to the upside. We can clone it to the downside. But I believe we've got jobs or something like that coming out on Friday. Uh, and things could stay very sideways today, I would expect. So, here we have the 3:30 and then a gap down from the GlobeEx candle and then here is the 4:00 a.m. candle and so 4 a.m. candle above the closing candlestick but unable to hold it. This looks like a sideways day to me. So dips are buys and potentially the spikes are going to be selling pressure events. That being said, there's still a lot of tremendous upside volume and so be very careful trying to short the tops of these. If they don't immediately comply, you got to get out. The high of the pre-market is what is that number? 7,410. Okay. Looks very interesting. All right. Next. Um 73.84 would be the initial buy zone. I would suspect I'm going to remove this Fibonacci for now and take a look at what we're staring down. All right. If this happens to lose the 50 simple moving average, you can clone the rectangle takes us right into the pivot after. Look at this run. See the savagery? one, two, two days of just a gigantic press upward. Could be news driven, could be short covering, could be all kinds of things, folks. But what I do notice is the dome is very active this morning. It's normally a lot quieter, but it's been very, very active. So, we could be seeing uh another blowoff top event. And if we do that, it takes us up to 7420. And then the third pivot is 7430. So big upside pressure, pullbacks or buys. Notice very big volume candle where they planted the flag. Realize that they're going to try and get up over that space, breach that call wall, and if they cannot pull price back down, it is going to be an accelerant just like it was yesterday. All right, so that's what we need to know. Pre-market activity has been very rowdy, particularly at around 3:00 a.m. outsized, but whatever. Okay, let's take a look at the cues. The cues, it's a little toppy coming into that Fibonacci expansion. That's that's also very interesting. Let's take a look at the primary candle yesterday. It is the 9:30 event. last couple of days, the closing candles in the ENQ have not been exceptional at all. They've actually been less than the opening candle, and that is also a bit unusual. But here's where we are. The 3:30 candle is a little bit small, little bit shallow, but let's widen it out so we can see where our edges are. The traders have lost the top of this closing candle. market on close and they are trying to recover it. Let's take a look at the 4 a.m. Where's the 4 a.m. candle? All the way up here. So, they're trying to get above that 4 a.m. candle somewhere around 28,800 DTE call wall there. The big call wall is now 29,000. So, that's has that's moved up. The big put wall is still down here at 23,300 or so. Trend up, momentum up. First place they're going to try and buy is somewhere around the early lows where they tried to break down. 28,634. That's right around that 50 simple moving average. Again, everything up. We've got pivots, anchored VWAPs, zero DTE put walls, zero DTE call walls, everything right in that space that is telling us we we could end up having absolutely dip buying, but more of a rangebased formation soup to nuts if I were a betting man. So upper edge, let's clone this and walk it up. It's always a pain in the tukus where they're, you know, tight. Whoopsie. And we'll clone it down one more time. We clone these candles down. We can see top of the 9:30 open, which is the most important candlestick of yesterday where all the buying came in, planted the flag, moved all the way up. Let's see what that rotation was. Okay, it certainly gave us 1 x into excuse me 2x into the end of the day. Let's see if it gave us two and a half. It did right just about the halfway marker of that. So the measurements the measurements look good. That's the same candle. All right. So, we're expecting, you know, potentially upside pressure first mean reversion 28,634. If it loses that, wait for it to get down here and stabilize. If you want to take the short edge, go to a smaller time frame and let the trend of that smaller time frame guide you using the bigger picture formations. All right, let's take a look at the YM. We'll do this for Mr. Tom. Very nice mean reversion and a bounce. So, is the YM telling us that we've got an upside pressure break on the horizon potentially. Now, 50,000. It's up over the 50,000. I remember a hat going around at about 2007. This hat for 50,000 in the YM or maybe it was 25,000. I can't remember really. Okay. So, what do we have? We've got this flag from the prior high, this high. That's where we're battling right now. We came above that zone, but really only had one or two candles hold before we did the mean reversion. Debs are definitely buys here. The 930 candlestick formation gives us a potential low for today. If we break this low 49,995, we could easily walk to the bottom of the 930 box and that gives us 49,87. Really good, right? If that, you know, the 200 is a little bit flat, so it could easily rotate all the way down. Here's what we want to look at. We want to clone this and move it up here. We can see that's the top of the box there. If it moves out, we have 50,350 or so. And if it moves down, we have the test of the 200 at 49,623. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. Whoopsie. Bitcoin did a great job of filling this gap. Let's take a look at this. Did they fill the gap? Really? I think they did. No. Yes. Yes. Did fill the gap almost to the tick. Look at this. Very interesting flows. Come along, Sally. Right here. Here is the wick of the prior day. Now, they haven't closed any candle bodies up there, but that's not unlikely, right? This is a measure of liquidity, folks. It is. As long as this continues to rise up, we're going to have dip buying. That's just the way the market goes. This is a very clean measure of liquidity in the market. And as long as it holds steady, we've got upside pressure. Now, that being said, they did fill a gap. They'll probably want to come in and test the lower edges. And right now, we are the 200 is up, the 50 is flat. We are under the pivot, under the anchored VWAP, under a flatish regular VWAP, and inside range, inside value. It just bounced off of the bottom of value area low. And that number is 80,786. That's going to be the line in the sand. If it cannot hold that zone, it will come into the call wall, which sits at 80,000 at this juncture. Okay? It's well above the call wall. Remember what happens when a call wall breaks. Price actions expand until they unwind everybody and they move back into the range. They could easily lose this co wall or they're going to have to roll it up inside range inside value. We'll see what happens. In my mind, I would expect a little mean reversion which gives me a bounce into say 82,000 at which point a short opens up and then we move back into frontline support where they try to buy it again until liquidity dries up. When's that going to be, Emry? I have no clue. I have no clue. As I mentioned, we have two hedge fund managers at the top of the Fed and the Treasury at this juncture. They know how to move money. It's just their thing. Okay, now let's take a look at crude. Crude, it bounced off of the 89 yesterday. Here is where the call wall is 100. Put wall still down here at 85. What is the trend? It's down. 200 down, 50 down. What is momentum? It's down. What does that mean? Bounces or sell zones. If we collapse under a support zone, you could sell it again uh at the breakdown. But, you know, with these days, you never know, especially with news being so able to move and, you know, people making extraordinary bets and making bazillions of dollars. Um, while the rest of the world looks on and says, "Oh, well." So, what do we want to stare down? Ideally, the test of the 50 or the anchored VWAP at 9515 gives us another short. The problem is that ends up creating a higher low. And if we create a higher low, then what we end up doing is um potentially building a floor here. So something very important to watch. All right. Very important to watch. If we if we lose this level, you also have a short back into 89. trend and momentum are in your favor, but I do not like selling breakdowns. I much prefer to wait for a bounce, see if it's small, comes up into some other relative resistance. It might be 93. Anything that just gives me a little bit of an edge that tells me my price action is not going to fail on me. Zero DTE pull wall at 90 it looks like. And we're at 9170. Lots of room to the downside here, but I'm willing to guess that 85 is the floor for now. Let's take a look at gold. Gold continues to move up into uh all of these areas. Now, to refresh your memory, here's what we're looking at. I said, "Hey, look at us. We're in between the two moving averages. We've got a higher low. Where are we headed? We're headed to 4750, right? That happens to be where the call wall is, the put wall down here at 4450. But we've got uh this is a zigzag. This is a zigzag pattern. How reliable are those? I don't know. You guys who do uh Elliot wave are, you know, the geniuses in the room, but I can't use that stuff. It's just too hard to calculate. So, I'm just going to stare down and look at the boxes. And so, what do I have? Where is my longest? Yes, this this is my structure in gold. So, I'm looking for the rotation up from that biggest daily candlestick. It could get all the way to 4,900. I am guessing that between 4,800 and 4850, there's going to be another short there. That being said, this thing could continue to rally. So, I'm not going to step in front of any freight trains. Let's go down here and see what we've got. Trend up, uh, momentum up. We're above the pivot. We're above the anchor VWAP. We're above the regular VWAP. Everything is trending to the north. We're at the zero DTE call wall at 4750. What do the traders want to do? They want to force it back down, but it's bullish, so we're going to buy the dip. Let's see where the midnight Oh, 2:30 we got an infusion of inventory. And yesterday, oh, look at that. Here is our baseline, the close of that high volume candlestick. Okay, so our support edge today 4694. If it comes into that zone, buyers fairly likely to move up. Henry, that's a long way away. That's 50 $50. That's $5,000 of motion in gold. What What do you want me to do? So my thought is, you know, give yourself a little break and wait for price action to come to you if you're going to go long or you can scalp your way down in a short, but you want to be very careful. Front line for the buy zone 4725. Okay, we have negative divergence. That's the one fly in the ointment, but dips are still buys. Just look for a lower high if you're looking for continuation to the upside. As long as we make higher highs, this price is going higher. Okay. Finally, we take a look at SPY up. Look at this. Look at that. Just textbook upshot. I mean, boom. Momentum drifting a little, but listen, every dip is a buy. Every dip has been a buy. You might go, "Yeah, Marie, until it's not exactly exactly, but how about not trying to sell it when everybody's still buying it?" How about that? Okay. Right now, this is the line in the sand they're trying to hold. It's the top of the 330 candle, the market on close candle. The bottom of that candle gives us 7355. 73355. Please forgive me. And let's just for giggles draw a Fibonacci here. Very tight. And then where do we see? Yeah, we'll just put one line here where the the pivot is and then where the call wall is 729 because the call wall is below us. Remember, when the call walls below us, pressure to the upside expands and so we have to be careful about thinking that price action is just going to go ahead and roll over, though it could. Right, here's the top of the range. 7:35 to 73650. Going to be an interesting day. My suspicion is that we have some digestion today before a big jobs number is released tomorrow. I think I think that's when it is going to be released. All right, everybody. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
