VIDEO 018: https://youtu.be/6CwHkuKTU8I

Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Bane. Today's Wednesday, May the 6th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report brought to you by TrendSpider, which gives us our charts, Ment the Queue, which gives us our gamma flow, and Trade Wave AI, which gives us our forensic analytics in the market. So, what are we staring down? Well, if you watch group coaching yesterday, this is a prime example of what happens when a call wall begins as resistance and turns into an amplifier of motion. Like I mentioned, it's supposed to give us a framework of edges. By and large, it has not. What's happened is the dealers have realized that, "Hey, listen, if we stay above this level and we do not reverse and get under 7,300, we're going to be upside down in our trade, so we have to buy so that our book is flat, meaning so that we are not losing more money. We have to make it so that we're making money as much as we're losing money, so the net net is zero until the price action comes into free." Now, this happened at the end of Europe's candle, opening candle, that is, the 4:00 a.m. candle, and it has rocketed. We just had an 874 lot to the buy side at 7,350. We had a 1,000 lot waiting out there, and now we've got another 300 lot waiting at 7,353. So far, these buyers are just relentless, and the higher they move, the higher it will squeeze. So, what does this mean? Uh getting in front of this wall, this is the one-day max, right? 7354 is the measured one-day max for the traders, they are going to rally right through that. So, what are we doing? We're looking at the biggest candlestick formation of the last three to four days, and we can see that it is this 11:00 a.m. candlestick on May the 4th, and this Fibonacci is working fairly well. Breach of the call wall, moving into max 7360, and then 7380, and off she goes, right? So, I mean, wow. What What was the trade if you looked at it? Well, first of all, it's a look above and go. What that means is you have the Globex candle, it pulls back, it holds your 3:30 candlestick close, which is this candle right here. Notice Notice, my friends. This is not I mean, wow, wow. Take a look. Here is the open of the 3:30 candle. Happens to be the low of the Globex. Shocking. Not shocking. Old resistance becomes new support. Pull back into the range, you could have traded it there and languished all night, or you could have said, "Hey, listen, I'm just going to do a buy stop, which puts you long at the higher price once that price gets tested." Now, we're all the way up here at 54. Dips are buys, my friends. Dips are buys, even to the 1-minute. Dips are buys. Look at the slope of the 50. Look at the location of momentum. Everything bullish, nothing Do not go short here. They are going to shred the shorts right now and it's they're delighting in it as far as I can see. Okay? So, dips or buys? Where is the first likely dip? 7321. Could it be that they're just so madly enthusiastic about going long that it's 7341? Yes. But, things like this, we could have a lockout rally today where it's just long all day. And you know, we could go limit up if it continues. So, what is limit up? Limit up is if you're in a prop firm, they're not going to let you have a trade limit up because they're they're going to tell you and then they're going to take precautions. But, limit up is when literally they stop the market from going up. They shut the markets down. Now, it's got to be pretty far. It's certainly not just 50 points. It's it's much more than that. But, if it continues, that could be something that we see, which would be incredible actually for especially for those of us that are newer. Now, the problem with being limit up uh is that if you're long, you cannot get out of your trade. And for those of us that are live, that's could be a problem if it gaps down when it opens back up. So, more on that later. Nothing to worry about. We'll see what happens. Okay. Here we are at the NQ. Biggest candlestick of reference is this crazy one over here on what day is this? May the 1st. Let's draw the Fibonacci. Upside pressure works fantastic. We are well over the call wall. Uh the call wall was moved yesterday. It was 28,000. By the end of the day, it was 28,500. They are breaching the wall. So, first thing they're going to try and do is pull the wall back. If if you happen to be long and you see the breach of the call wall like this, nothing wrong with taking some profit. Okay? Could it continue to move? Yes. You might say, "Listen, I'm just going to raise my stop to the call wall." It could pull into the call wall and then break right back out. The trend is up. Dips are buys. Absolutely monstrous of a motion. But, here's what normally happens. Up through the call wall the first time, the traders will try to force it back down. If they can't do it, then it continues up. Now, you might argue that that was what this is doing. Fair enough. See the massive move up? You know what's happening. It's in a squeeze formation and then the buyers just Huh? They just continue to move up, which would give us our targets of 28,663 and then 28,000 795, 28,800, that sort of thing. Okay? Trend is up, momentum is up. First pullback that seems reasonable could be the call wall at 28,500. But, it's probably 28,384. Okay? Um potentially. But, this continues to rally. Please do not try and short this. It's a fool's errand. Don't do it. You're going to get Zambonied. All right? Go look up what a Zamboni is. It's not good. Let's take a look at the YM. Very interesting. So, here's the YM. Same squeeze action happening, folks. Right at 4:30. Fibonaccis have been drawn. So, we are back up to 50,000. We're trying to test 50,000. Now, that's a pretty important spot. If you said, "Hey, I want to trade the breakdown of this formation." You have an example very recently to the left that holds that in play. So, what do you want to see? You want to see a bounce that fades. Okay? So, when you look at a bounce and you see the pullback, you could go, "Oh my goodness, look, it's still a buy. You're still making higher highs." But, the problem is it stops making higher highs right after that and then closes at a lower high. It tests a higher high, but it closes lower. That's your first warning shot across the bow. The second one would be the failure of the candlestick to close in the body of the opening candle range, right? So, here's the 9:30 candle, here's the 10:00 candle. This would be the initial balance. This also looks like a three-bar reversal. You can get it right here on this edge at 50,015 after it's broken down, okay? And then you can just walk it back through. This, my friends, is a squeeze caused by a a breach of gamma, okay? So, this is technical motion. Now, interestingly enough, people are going, "Hey, this is because oil is down 9%." Yeah, it could be, but I'm guessing the gamma guys have got additional things to think about right there. Dips back into 49,563, not unreasonable here. We're not breaking out in a tremendous amount of volume. Um but, we are breaking out. So, pullbacks continue to be buys. All right? So, let's take a at Bitcoin. Here's our 82,000. Right there, Fibonacci. These are starting to look a little choppy, if you ask me, but you want to be careful. Whoa! There they go. They're starting to flush everybody out. They're just jamming that in. Wow. Look at this on a 1-minute. Again, what does this tell you? Uh dips are buys, not a place to short. There's too much upward flow at this juncture. It has to fail and then bounce to a lower high and then come back again. Until then, you've got yourself dips being buy zones. It looks lovely, don't get me wrong. It looks fantastic. And if you're scalping, absolutely. But, you better be quick or you're going to be dead. Okay? So, this is a very strong topping region around everywhere, but the flow is so strong. I think they're going to really try and hurt the shorts some more. Okay? So, dips are buys, even when you see those gigantic spikes down, you know they are buy zones. All right, so what might that be for Bitcoin? Well, the call wall is 82,000. They're breaching the call wall and so, could they test the call wall and move back up? Yes. So, pull back there along with the 50, along with the pivot, along with the anchored VWAP, along with the regular VWAP. That's a good buy zone, all the way down into 81,300. We've got the ourselves a rally formation. Momentum is slightly bullish, but trend is clearly master and commander here. Be wise. Yes, there's things looking very choppy. Just be careful. Scalp first, and then if things go in your favor, you're going to be in great shape. Let's take a look at this beast. Right? Now, look at how much volume is here. I have no idea what the news flow is saying. Let me have a peek at Pixweet. Panic as South Korean ship explodes in the Strait of Hormuz 22 hours ago. Okay. Um that's not it. Uh Let's look at Pixweet. I I really like them. Let's see what we've got here. Oh, good grief. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Man, I don't even know. Well, whatever it is, it's got a catapulting. Here's the put wall, 85. Remember, this is the sweet uh this is the sweet spot. 85. It's been sitting there for days. And here they come into the zone. You can't tell me that's not uh some sort of thing that's pushing that edge. So, I would guess there's another $5 to go on this. Right back into the wall. Now, people are pretty nervous. Um So, let's see where heavy congestion is. Where did the break occur? Remember, our formations look like this. First things first, we come in and we say, "What's the trend? And where are we with respect to our moving averages?" So, yesterday we came in, we had an upward 200 and an upward 50, and then we broke the pivot at 103. We break the pivot, we get under the anchored VWAP of the prior day and we get under the regular VWAP, we get under the 50 and we are under the 200. Okay? So, that 200 is concave, for sure. It's moving down. Once we get underneath all of these moving averages, there is the zero DTE put wall. We get under there, notice they accelerate and then they bring it back up. That zero DTE expires, the brand new one opens up for tomorrow and here we are in tomorrow and well under the put wall. So, if we've got a big zero DTE position and we're under the put wall, we are going to have it behave as an accelerant. This is the gamma wall flip. This blue line, it tells us whether we're going from positive gamma, which has volatility being gentle, and negative gamma, which has volatility being noisy. And this is what we're doing. Chances are we collapse right into that put wall. I mean, that's a pretty good shot. Any bounce is going to be sell zones and that put wall is of course 85. Do we have some folks hanging out at 90? Yes, but take a look at the aggressive flow. Price action continues to move up. Every single bounce into the 50 is a short. Don't don't try to buy this. Yes, but I love catching the bottoms. Well, all of these bottoms are very sharp knives that are going to cut your fingers off if you try to put your hands around. Okay? Bounces are sells until they're not. And what does that mean? We have to breach the 50, pull back and hold a higher low and that's going to give you confidence that your trade is going to last. Let's go to gold. Okay. Massive move up here. Just a massive move. Okay. So, I have to look at the bigger picture to see what we've got. All right, let's take a peek. Let's take a peek. Okay? Very noisy. Where are we going? We're going to test the 50. We're going to the call wall. That's 4,800. Amalie, how can you be so sure? Because that's just what we do. We will go from the put wall to the call wall to the put wall to the call wall. And there's a downward 50 that we rejected the last time. Here's the fly in the ointment. That downward 50 that we rejected the last time came after we'd made a lower low. Now we're making a higher low. So, we could easily breach that wall and go from 4,800 to 4,900 in a second. Well, probably a couple of minutes. It might take us a couple of minutes. But that is what we're looking at. And this driver here is going to push that flow. Momentum just turned positive just a little bit ago, a couple days ago. And now we have all this congestion that we're sitting at. Could it be that it stops in the midst of this congestion? Yes. 4736, 4750. This is huge. There's something going on with the dollar. Right? There is definitely something going on with the dollar. So, we'll try and find that out in a just a little bit. So, what do we have? Where's our biggest driver of volume? Could we say &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; wow? Sorry about blowing the raspberries in your face. I don't mean to do that. It's just one of those mornings where you go take a look at this. Okay, so here we are. This is the Fibonacci of the highest volume event. Trend and momentum are starkly up. Look at how accelerated every single 30-minute candlestick is printing higher than average volume. Much higher than average volume. This momentum is on a rocket ship. So, you don't get in front of it. You don't try to short the tops. You wait for it to collapse. Where is it likely to collapse? There's a lot of heavy congestion here on the daily. So, it could have a pullback here, but the pullbacks are buy zones. They could easily be headed for the call wall, easily. Now, was there something here that should have alerted me to the fact that this might occur? Well, first things first, in hindsight, you can see that we recovered the 50 and made higher highs. We also tested that 50 again and made higher lows. At which point the opening Globex event, remember, that's where they plant the flag. If they stay above that, we've got ourselves bullish action into prior congestion zones. You can see the last one we spent several, maybe 2 and 1/2 hours at this 4672. That's the next nice pullback action. Things should start to slow, but we are still clearly in dip buying territory. This is incredible. Incredible. All right, we are at the daily max in spy. We broke through the call wall 725. The daily max is 730. That's They're telling us that's the statistically maximum level, but it could easily expand. So, you don't go, "Oh, that's daily max. I'm taking a short." Uh why would you want to do that when this thing is a freight train? Absolutely incredible. Okay? Not showing any overnight volume that is outsized, but most definitely following through on the bullish pressure events that breached this box, and that's 721. So, let's do this. Let's go to 721. 730 is the first place. 733 is the next place. 735 is the next place. Walking it down to the wall not uh out of the question, but let these buyers exhaust. Let them collapse, and then get in the trade. You don't have enough money. None of us have enough money to fight these guys. We don't. Millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars are moving through in this early hour, and you can see them. They keep The shorts keep coming in, and they keep going, "Okay, I'll uh I'll I'll do that." And they keep getting run over. Don't do it, my friends. Don't do it. All right. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
