VIDEO 019: https://youtu.be/g0QzujSeu9k

Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, May the 5th. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band, charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentha Q, news and news flow by Benzinga Pro, and data analytics and forensic data from tradewave.ai. Got to check it out. Okay, let's take a look at the ES. Yesterday, we had something very interesting happen. Now, let's look at the day before yesterday. Our typical candles of biggest volume is our opening range candle at 9:30 to 10:00 and our closing candle from 3:30 to 4:00. Both of these times are Eastern. Now, we know this is market on open candle from 9:30 to 10:00, and uh market on close candle is 3:30 to 4:00. Yesterday, look at this interesting pattern. Here is a candlestick 6:00 p 6:00 a.m. This was the Iran has fired on the ships um event and then CENTCOM coming out and saying, "No, they haven't." Uh they might have fired, but they didn't hit. Okay. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And then, 9:30 opens up. Pretty mundane candle, right? We We know it's kind of important because it is our opening range candle. And so, we will note it. But here's something very interesting. Look at the size of the volume between 11:00 and 12:30. This is very atypical for price action. Very atypical. One, this is the lunch law, normally it's packed with volume. And then two, this 11:00 a.m. candlestick sticks out like a sore thumb to me. Did I just draw that? Knucklehead Fred. Sticks out. So, we're going to watch it. This will be our likely range. What is trend? Up 200, 50, down to flat, but everything is trending to the north. Overnight inventory is bullish, and they came right to the top of that 11:00 a.m. candle and began to reverse. So, I have a short engaged up here. My target ultimately is going to be down here at 7220. I do have a partial event at 7242 as my front line support. Now, what could potentially happen? Well, my Globex candle, which is sitting right at the top of my pivot at that 7234, along with the VWAP and the 50, that could end up being support. It would cut me off at the pass. If you haven't taken the trade short because you did not notice what was happening here, but maybe you noticed the 9:30 candle, the short was also engaged. Also engaged from there. Now, is this a trending or counter trending motion? It's counter trend. Why? Because the 200 is up, momentum is up. All the traders are doing is looking for support. So, there is a buy the dip formation still in play, still very jagged, still very sideways. Put wall moved back down, 7175. That's normal. And then the call wall remains at 7300. They had aggressively moved this put wall too far in my mind, and so it got shifted back down. So, dips are buys, but I am taking the counter trend short here into the base ultimately of 7220, where I think we see another buy zone. Notice how well the 200 held yesterday. It held way better than the last time we tested it. And so, I'm not going to lollygag around here being short down here at the base. That's going to be a great buy zone. It's also the gamma wall. All right. Coming into the end of the week, we have jobs report, and volume continues to be relatively light. All right. Let's go to the NQ. Same sort of structural formations we're going to be looking at. Same thing. The biggest candle of the last few days was May the 1st. That was 2 days ago. I don't even know what day it is today. Tuesday? Yes. Uh 2 days ago would have been Friday's trading day. I think I might have called it Thursday, although when we were doing the ES. But notice a porous top here, but still a topic formation. Zero DTE call wall, which shifts intraday. This isn't a line in the sand that's hard. 27,900, the big call wall 28,000. Still sitting in the range there. Notice yesterday, we went literally from peak to trough. And now we're back at the peak again. What is slope? It's positive. Trend upward, momentum upward. Let's take a look at our 9:30 formations. Yesterday, we hit the call wall, the zero DTE call wall, and rejected it. Today, we have moved above it, but we still can't get up over value area high. So, here's the thing. If you're short, and you breach 27,970, that's no bueno. That's not a good That's not a good position. However, until that happens, this is a good shorting area. Now, it could take hours to develop, but I still believe it's a good shorting area for a mean reversion trade into the anchored VWAP of the prior day, which is 27,805. And then the pivot, let's take a look at how this largest candlestick that's covering all the volume, notice way bigger than the 11:00 a.m. candlestick. But we still notice the same thing. This 9:30 candlestick not nearly as strong as the 11:30 the 11:00 a.m. the 11:30 and the 12:00 p.m. candlestick. This is unusual volume in the middle of the day. Notice TrendSpider's very nice typical volume by time of day tells us that this is unusual. So, they forced it down and then rotated it right back up. What's likely? Um Same thing. They're going to force it back down, which brings me to the space of this highest candlestick from Friday of last week being the ideal buy zone. So, I'm going to put something down there, 27,630. Now, I might be too cheap, so maybe I put another micro at 27,670. All right? But that's what I am looking at for the NQ. Tom Corby loves the YM, and you know, I do, too. So, here we are taking hat tip to you, Tom. Maybe I get a like. Okay. So, um let's take a look at what's going on. Last 3 days in motion. Notice how different the YM looks. To me, this is a story worth pulling a thread on. Does the YM precede this forward motion? Do they tell the broad market in advance what's going on? What is that relationship? I still am trying to dig through that. I don't have a lot of good data that's statistically solid. So, for now, we'll say, "Hey, the YM's rolling over. The other guys aren't. We are underneath the 200, under the 50. The biggest candle is the 9:30 candle of May 1st, and this is the one that we have drawn. We still see the 9:30 candlestick and the 3:30 candlestick being strong, but again, this movement in 11:00 a.m., 11:30 a.m., 12:00 p.m. candlestick, unusual rotation. So, my thought would be let's see if it holds this floor at around 49,000 8,900. Maybe it'll have a bounce, but this is clearly a selling point. Right? Straight down off the 50 through this high-volume candle at 9:30. And right at all of the Fibonacci extensions. So, old support becomes new resistance. The short engaged at around 28,000 to 10-ish, and the likely target is 28,960. Okay? That's what we're we're looking at today. Do I think the market has a potential to roll over and die? I do not. Um lot of reasons for that, but for now, we seem to be quite hedged, and so far price action looks great. Now, here's the next thing that tells me, you know, we're not not likely to roll over. Look at all the liquidity that we see coming into Bitcoin. Remember, this is the anchor of liquidity for me. If I want to see if the market's building liquidity, I'm going to see what Bitcoin is doing. And so far, it's been on a run to the upside. Lost 80,000 a few days ago, and recaptured it yesterday, and is holding it into today. What is trend? Up. What is momentum? Up. So, what do we expect? Dips are buys. Let's look at the high-volume event. The high-volume event is still this 6:00 a.m. candlestick from yesterday's trading cycle. And so, I'm going to reverse the Fibonacci so that we can see the upward flow. And it looks like 81,900 and some change to 82. What is the ideal dip event? I'm going to look at the high-volume candle at 11:00 a.m. And we have two areas of importance. We have the high zone, and then the low zone. So, ideally, I want this to be at &gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; you know, I'd love for it to come all the way back down to 80,000 100, right where the pivot is. That's the sweet spot for the buy. It is. Your support ledge has got to hold 79,700. That's where I'm going to wait for this one. I'm going to go light just in case it fades and come back up comes back up. If so, going to continue in the edge, but everything is showing price action that's saying dips are buys. Would I love to see it come back to the 200? You betcha. You betcha. So, if it loses 79,705, I'm going to have to cut and run. And then, I will wait for 78,000 even, or so. Maybe the pivot of the prior day. Let's see where the closing candle is. Yeah, that gamma, 78,523. Looking backwards in time, you're going to see that that presents a really nice bounce zone. All right. Let's go to oil. Okay. Oil had some pretty big moves yesterday. Is price action being gamed here like the broad market? I think so. Um we do have hedge fund managers at the top of uh the Treasury and the FOMC. So, it's it's not absurd to think that prices are going to be gamed. But, take a look at this. This region here today is huge. When you see it on your charts where every single thing that we watch is all jammed up together, our VWAP, our 50, our 200, our pivot, all of it jammed up together, it's telling us there's going to be a move, right? There's going to be a move. How do we decide which direction that move is in? For me, it's always a slope of the 200. So, my thought is if we get a nice solid dip where I think it came 102.94. If it loses that edge, we flow all the way down into 9988. So, to me, that's that is the sweet spot for the buy at this juncture using these guys. So, if we get savage bit of news, it fades, and then the market bounces, we're in great shape. Now, let's say it starts running without us. Well, all of the moving averages and everything we watch tell us it's very likely to be bullish over 105, 105.50 to be exact. So, what do we want to look for? We want to look for a candle close over this very high-volume event at 11:00 a.m. That's going to give us our flow. So, using that, I like it. Uh dips again, 102.70. That's the long area. The base of the put wall, it gets broken. For sure, right? This is a zero DT put wall because we know the big put wall is down at 85. So, you might take a little haircut, and then have to get back in, but that is the structural motion that we are staring down. Low, higher low, higher low, higher low. So, any kind of jagged rotation down is going to present a buy at or around these levels. Take a look at the biggest volume candles to tell you where those traders are going to be engaged. It could be that it's actually $100 and some change. Use a micro to help you in this space. Let's go to gold. All right. Gold Mhm. Gold is sitting in the same patch that we've watched for days and days. Let's Let's remind each other what that is. This very high-volume candle from April 29th, occurring at the 9:30 edge, has given us where all the flow sits. The second highest candle is this area up here on May the 1st. That's a topping formation. In hindsight, we see that, but losing the 50% range of that candle, and then retesting it gives us the failure, and allows us to head in short. Yesterday, no single candle gave us a higher tick than this, but a collection of them that moved in and held. So, if we stare down maybe an hourly candle formation, it gives us this general flow. And so, I believe the new candle to watch is this one that sits on the hourly formation. I'm going to draw. We have the line at the top, 25 Excuse me, 4,579. And then the base of that candle is 4,518. What are we trying to do? Well, in times past, we've gone into the 200 and rejected it. And so, I expect we do the same. Does that mean this is a countertrend long? Potentially. However, it's dangerous because there's a lot of structure in the way. So, you'd want to wait for a look above that pulls back and makes a higher low and moves to the north. Right? It would be the look above pulls back, makes a higher low, and then moves to the north. That's what you're looking for. To go long, that could be at the breach of 4579. Here's the interesting thing about this line. It's the toggle between positive gamma and negative gamma. And so, it really could go either way. If you went in and you said, "All right, I'm going to take this long because I think it's going to move back up here." Great. Or you could easily follow trend and say, "I'm going to take this short on the high bounce. That's going to be 45 167." And that is going to give me my fate. Okay? Easily, you could do that. Baseline support around 4518 [snorts] to 4500. That's That's what I perceive. I don't perceive uh any kind of deeper collapse of any kind. Nothing's showing up that way. Everything structurally is still being held from beneath. So, let's now take a look at spy. All right, what's happened? Here is our 4:30 candle. And our low X candle, everything is trending up. We are above the moving average. That's sloping down a little, but again, it's a bullish average, just doing a little mean reversion. We have pivots that are trending downward, but could move to the upside. The big volume candle, what might we look at here? Let's uh this is range. So, let's delete everything here. And let's take a look at the volume in the flow. So, again, look at this. 11:00 candlestick doing so much more work than the 9:30. This volume is very important. The breach above could bring a lot of short-selling uh cover, short-sellers covering to get out here. Super important. So, if you say, "Hey, I'm going to short the 722 and it breaches, you better get out." Right? You can always get back in, but if it catches fire, it is going to run into that call wall at 725. And as we know, if it breaches the call wall, it is going to be more upward flow in the chart in general. Okay? So, that's what we're staring down right there. Dips are buys, but I would like the dip to be near the 200 simple moving average. So, if it comes into 715, I'm going to put another alert here. Uh-oh. Got it. All right, let's let's delete that. Okay, and then let's do this. 715, we're going to put an alert. And we're going to see if it comes in. That'll be a great buy zone. Right? Very solid buy zone. Look forward to fade and then come back. These are bullish markets, folks. They are being propped up from underneath. Whether you think it's good, bad, right, wrong, whatever it is, they're being propped up. And so, dips remain buys, and the 200 tells us that. All right, everybody, take care. I'll see you on uh the Benzinga prep uh later on in the day, and then group coaching. I look forward to spending time with everybody. Take care. Stay frosty. Watch your risk.
