VIDEO 020: https://youtu.be/csT2t5kIgNc

Hi everyone. Today's Monday, May the 4th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. News and news flow by Benzinga Pro, charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentor Q and forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai. Hey, you see this right here? This absolute collapse coming right down. Remember that huge order if you listened with me last night on um Market Kickoff. You'll note that I told you there was a big order, biggish order sitting down at 7210. Collapsed right into that zone. Also looks like Friday's pivot and began to bounce. It is also right on top of the 200, but this was caused by a piece of news that said Iran had fired on warship. Now, I don't know if it's true, but it's enough for somebody to make quite a bit of money at 6:00 this morning if indeed that happened and it was not true. Notice the closing volume candlestick that I have highlighted from What is that? Thursday. That is still the candlestick that we are sitting in. The failure to breach 7250 and fold could be a shorting formation. Now, on top of that, this rise up was on fairly light volume and as I mentioned to you also yesterday that when we break a wall and move to the north during that trading day, it causes massive disruption in the dealer hedging because they have to go long if they break the call wall. So, what are we seeing now? The big call wall 7300. It was the same Friday. It could adjust itself into the day later. We are under the pivot. That's slightly bearish. Under the 50, under the anchored Vwap, under the Vwap and above the 200. Momentum has been trending down since very early on Friday. This tells me that this is a topping formation. On top of that, we've got all this news about hedging bonds in emerging markets that are about to blow up and all kinds of very interesting things. We are moving into a climactic uh time frame that could easily give us some very volatile flows. Dips will still be buys, but they could be very volatile. All right. Let's think about the levels. What do we want to look at? Well, the 200 is up. So, we know it is a buy the dip. But now that we've got this formation, broken 50 that's now flat, pulling down into the 7210 and then the failure to break through the old call wall, which was at 7250, is now rearing its head. I would suspect that this is a good short. And although we can break down well below our 200, I think it's a fair event to say bounces are sells, but steep dips are going to find buyers. Notice this faded. That's dreadful news. That's going to be a resumption of conflict. We're not going to take that sitting down and so that's very likely going to be another fade. Okay, the low edges of the motion come right into the value area low at 7140. It's a little bit sticky on this time frame. You might want to collapse to a tighter one and see something that says, okay, what am I looking at? I just broke the 200, recovered it on the 15 minute. If I can't recover the 50 on the 15 minute and then I lose the 200, then we've got our downside formations. Okay, this is the gamma wall. We'll flip to gamma negative underneath there. This is the zero DTE put wall. That's 7225. We stay underneath there, it's going to accelerate selling until they flip again. Wait a second. That is the big call wall. That's the big put wall. I'm sorry. That's going to accelerate selling quite a bit down. The fact that they moved that up is very unusual. That's a That's a mistake. Price action is going to fade. All right, let's take a look at the NQ. Let's go to the 30 minute chart. This one's holding, you know, fairly well, but once again, we have a topping formation. It looks much stronger than the ES. Clean upside trend. Same dip down because um they're saying Iran fired on a US warship. I don't know if China told them to do that. I don't I don't know. That's I do not know. Anyways, so the 200 is way down here. Could we get there? Absolutely. What do we want to look for? Upward flow breaks the support ledge and then cannot recapture that ledge. So, right now 27,815 line in the sand. If we cannot get above the Vwap, which is round and about 27,877, we've got ourselves some shorting action. So, I expect this to be a bounce that fails that takes us back down into the 200. Okay? Where are we? Right now, we are above the pivot. That's bullish. Above an upward 50. That's bullish. Fighting at the anchored Vwap from the prior day. That's nothing. I mean, that's neutral. Underneath the Vwap. That's bearish. And then the 200 is up, but again, we've got drifting momentum. So, that downward flow says they are looking for support. I would say 27,450 potentially today and then a bounce, right? It could go all the way down to 27,200 and then bounce again. But it will bounce. Why? Cuz the 200 is up and that's going to That's going to give us some kind of reflexive motion. Right? Liz Ann Sonders says at and of course Goldman also said that the hedge fund desks have not bought this rally and we know that what this is is market maker dealer flow action because they've broken the call wall for days and that's what happens when you break one of these walls. Now, this I I don't have any Wow, they moved all these walls up. That's quite premature. So, the put wall is now 27,750. The call wall is still 28,000. If we lose this ledge, we're going to have the same acceleration downside during the day because dealer flow is going to have to follow the trend. Let's see how well it bounces and then of course let's see what happens, you know, when uh we get feedback from what's going on across the pond. Let's quickly look at the YM. The YM is moving ahead of everyone. It's well underneath the 50. Just broke the 200. Vwap down, under the pivot of today, under the pivot of Friday. And if the YM is leading the way, the ES and the NQ are going to follow. Now, I don't know if this is structurally true. I am going to ask Psychic and then I'll let you guys know. Psychic is an amazing tool inside of um inside of TrendSpider. Okay, so what does this tell us? This tells us that bounces are sell zones. If we cannot recover value area low, which is 49,500, we will rotate down very likely into the last peak. Here we are bouncing at this peak at 49,283. The last peak event is down here at 48,971. Right? This volume candle. Let's extend a Fibonacci here. See what we get. Yeah, that looks like about right. We use the highest volume candle and then we have the acceleration and notice it came right into the low of that box and some people got in front of it. Right? And what are they going to do? They're going to try and bounce up into this area. 49,800 looks like a really nice place to short. Let's take a look at micro Bitcoin. Sheesh, have I got enough lines floating around here, peeps? Let's uh get rid of that. Okay. So, here we go. Went all the way to 81,000. Fell like a stone. Liquidity event. And liquidity is in here. So, deep dips. And again, this is a news candle, right? So, let's look at a 50% trace of this candle. That's 79,365. Look. The call wall is 80,000. It broke it. So, remember, under the call wall, fine. Under the put wall, price accelerates. Above the call wall, no bueno. Price accelerates. Above the put wall, no problem. Price moves up. So, traders want to keep price in between the put wall and the call wall. And if they don't, that's where acceleration can continue. So, right now, they pushed it out and now have brought it back in. This seems like a fair place to short. However, it's against trend, against flow, it's with momentum. Tricky. Don't Uh if you're short, it might be If you want to be short, it might be better to wait until it tries to hit the call wall again, or it comes into the V web and rejects. Right? So, that's $500 away. Could do that. Support ledges, 77,000 to 76,000. Here is the point of control on this volume profile. 76,636. Right? I mean, it looks like a good short to me. Let's take a look at Earl. Oh, shoot. All right. Of course, shot across the bow, literally. That does make for um a bounce in oil. Um I had the short at 102 and some change, which worked nicely into the 100 area. And then, you know, we had this upward flow. So, something certainly was showing what's going on, but here's what we know. Move to the 4-hour. And where's our biggest volume candle? That's probably starting action over here. That's way up there. This one is the next highest. We just breached that. So, my thought is that this is the box that we hang around for a bit. Now, it's not going to be a good thing if this thing heads up over 107, but it's clearly in breakout zone, right? They had They call this the death cross, the 200 and the 50, but they do it on a daily. And you can see underneath the 200, it resumes trend. 98 looks like the floor. They're trying to sell it off of this range here. So, the topping formation, this one, let's remove this because it is a Fibonacci of range. Now, let's just put in the Fibonacci, right? Very big one. This is probably the one we want to look at today. Although, no, this 11:00 candle has more volume. Let's have a peek here. Yeah, it's holding the flows to the downside at 99. If we duplicate it and we go from top to bottom, remove that. Oh, for the love of Pete. Okay, here we go. Right? So, I've got it downside and upside for the measure. This candlestick is still running the show. It's got the most volume. And so, you can see them coming down into the wicks and rotating up here. Could be a topping formation. The news could come out and just say, "Hey, settle down. We're not doing anything." Or it could be something completely different. All right? But, as long as we stay underneath $107, we're okay. Breaking up over $107, going to be a bit tricky. Going to be more bullish. And the put wall, excuse me, the call wall's up here at 110. The put wall, man, what's going on? Aha, okay. The put wall's all the all the way down here at 85. The zero DTE put wall is way up here at 104. So, it's going to be messy. It's it's definitely going to be messy today. A lot of crosscurrent. Dips are still buys. Okay? So, if it comes down into 102, that was the area that the first short opened up for me. And then covered. If it comes into that 102 and holds, it's got upside pressure. Okay? Let's go to gold. Gold is bouncing off of the floor. Take a look at this. When did we draw this? Few days ago. Here is the candlestick in view, this very tall one right here, or this very this very heavy one. Let's do a Fibonacci on that. And see what happens. Almost to the floor of it. Catches it. Um this actually would be great for sovereigns that are still trying to sell, but the gamma flow stays negative. Notice, what do we have? Downward 200 flat 50 very noisy V web. Very very noisy V web. So, what do you want to see? You want to see a bounce that gives you a sell zone. Now, we could have a very big newsy kind of day. So, the bounce could easily come to the top of this candle, which is our focal point. Excuse me, the bottom of this candle, which is our focal point. And then, it could rise to the top of the candle. All right? But, bounces are still sell zones here. They are still sell zones. You want to be very careful. Anchored V web 4625. This is a news-based bounce. Very interesting that gold fell on that attack on the ship. That's very interesting. If we cannot get up over $4,580, it's a nice downward flow. Right? Nice downward flow. Okay, let's take a look finally at spy. Where are we? Above the V web, it's recovery. Underneath the pivot, we are actually underneath Friday's pivot. Look at the stair step we've had since April the 30th. Just stair step after stair step after stair step after stair step. It's just moved very much to the north. We are under an upward 50. Right? That's They want to try and get that bounce. If we cannot get above 722, we rotate back down to 715. Probably fill in this gap here, potentially. Biggest volume candle is the closing candle of April the 30th. So, let's draw a line there. Support. Oh, what do you know? Look at that. Recovers it. And then, here's where we're battling. So, that's key. They Somebody a bunch of folks plant planted a flag right there. And if they cannot hold it, it's going to come down. Right? That's their line of defense. And if they cannot stay above that, they're going to rotate down. Put wall, 710. Call wall 725. Uh it's going to be very newsy today. We're going to have uh very interesting price patterns to watch. Be careful. Stay frosty. And I'll I'll see you on the streams. I'll see you on the streams. All the best.
