VIDEO 021: https://youtu.be/8gJBk7fHNyA

Hi everyone. Today is Friday, May the 1st. Everybody's looking forward to Cinco de Mayo, I am sure. Just our general public finds [laughter] any reason we can to drink. So, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; um moving on. Welcome to the Money Ball Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie Bant. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menter Q, and forensic data analysis from tradewave.ai. Okay, let's get started. We're going to look at the E-mini S&amp;P right here. Something very important happened yesterday. So, have a look at I did a class on the Topstep Discord. If you are so inclined to go in there, it's Coach Anne-Marie. And um that's uh that's something that I do there, but I want to show you something about the 1-minute formation. And what we do when traders plant the flag into the beginning of a day. So, have a have a look. So, here we are. Right? This is the 9:30 to 9:31 candlestick. The traders came in right away and began to sell it off. Now, as you know, I was short there. And the I was actually short up here, but I said, "Hey, I think we rotate back down." And one of the things I said was, "If this candle gets recovered, look at the volume." It was How many contracts is that? Chuck's, um I don't know how many contracts that is. I can't read there. It doesn't show me the volume. So weird. Okay, a lot of contracts. I said, "Listen, if it recovers the high of this candle where everybody planted the flag and said, 'We're going short,' pull all your shorts off because this is going up." Two reasons. One, it was the call wall. So, what happens when a call wall gets breached? And this is This is what happens to somebody when they're not dialed in like me. I was not dialed in yesterday. Very annoying. But here's what happens. The call wall comes in. We know a lot of traders have sold that call for credit. When that call wall gets breached, their gamma slips from negative to positive. And remember, a market maker wants to have a zero gamma. They do not want to have an expanding gamma in either direction because it's going to force them into the market. All you need to know is the call wall was 7200. It got breached. They tried to push down. Look at how many times they're pushing down here, back before prior days, pushing down today, excuse me, yesterday, trying to push down and holding that edge and holding that edge, and finally capitulation and they have to buy the market. Why? Because now they're upside down in their trades. And so this is all forced by the entire day was a short squeeze. The entire day. Now, here's [snorts] where the call wall is now. It's at 7250. The put wall has not moved. It's still 7100. This should tell you something. When the put wall does not rise after the breach of the call wall, they are expecting an exhaustion event to occur for price to come back down. If we're staring down the 30-minute chart, we can make the same assessment. And that is the following. 9:30 open. If we breach the high of that 9:30 candle that spent so much time selling and we move up above, you got it, an upward sloping 200, this market is going to move. Now, technically speaking, the moving average really tells you what the positioning is. The reason they move is the breach of the wall because they must have gamma as zero. And when they break the wall, their gamma becomes something they don't want to have. And so they have to buy the price action up so that they can come back to zero. If that's too much, don't even fret about it. But for those of us that watch these walls, when the wall gets breached, it becomes an accelerate, and that means a breach to the downside or to the upside. That's why knowing these walls is so important. All right, that's it. Let's move into the day. What do we see? Trend up. Well above the anchor VWAP. Momentum positive. But here's what we're staring down. First things first, we still want the 7200 to show its head, right? The nearest / higher support zone is 7220. And that's going to be up here around this calculated pivot. It could also be today's pivot, which is 7211. Do we want to short this market? Well, this is going to be tough. I think we need to look at that 1-minute candle again and then zoom out and do it on the 30-minute. We just finished the 4:00 a.m. candle. So, let's see what the traders did. Here is our 3:30 candle right here. We're going to draw a box around it. That is our market on close candle. We just reentered it. Just finished the 4:00 a.m. candle. The 4:00 a.m. candlestick did not breach this 3:30 candlestick. That's something that says we have a little weakness. We're also under the VWAP. Here is the Globex open. We could not close a single candle body over that high. So, we have weakness in general. My suspicion is that we go at least to the bottom of this box at 7236 and then we start battling again. Is that candle the biggest candle of the day in recent past? Yes, it is. So, it certainly is something for us to watch. Anchor VWAP down here at 7200. 7211 is our pivot. So, here's the trade. Dips are buys. But the dip could be just as dramatic as this rise simply because we have ourselves a forced buying event with the commodity trading advisors the trend following guys forced to buy this because they were stuck at the wall. So, two things could happen. One, it forces them into more buying and we move up to the big call wall, which is now 7300. 7250 is the zero DTE call wall, which could shift at any time. But this is what we are looking at. If the breach of 7264 occurs, we've got ourselves more upside. It'll be forced buying again. If we can't breach 7264, we're going to bleed our way back into this zone right here that has got the thin pockets of volume. All right? Momentum and trend are in positive territory. The momentum is drifting. You might look at something like a 15-minute chart to say, "All right, what am I staring down?" It's still bullish. This negative momentum is just telling us they're looking for support. Okay? So, we have to look for where they find support. Looks like the zero DTE call wall. But you never know. You never know what a day's going to bring. It's either going to be But the dips are clearly buys. If you want to sell the top of this, you have to go to a tight time frame. 5-minute. You got to look at this 200. If it breaks it, it's going to try and recapture it. If it can't recapture it, then you take the short. Right? You want to look above and fail. And then once it comes back down, you can rotate it down into the pit. But you could see through all of these averages, everything is in a dip buying formation. Even if we go to the 1-minute, that's the first place we might see a little bit of downward flow, but you don't want to trade on that 1-minute. Everything's got to be relative to bigger time frames, or you're going to get yourself in a pickle. All right, that's enough. NQ Okay. Same sort of thing. The breach of uh their call wall got moved. Now the zero DTE call wall is above them at 27,700 and 28,000 is the upper call wall. The zero DTE put wall has really moved up. It's 27,200. But the big put wall is still down here at 25,000. To me that says they're still hedged to downside flow. All right. Let me show you what uh chat said. That's not chat. It's um What did I use? Okay. CTA positioning. So take a look at this. The call wall the the recapture of the call wall gives us this flush. And that's what we're seeing. We're seeing this gigantic squeeze to the upside. Stop the the video and read this. It's very good to tell you what they are doing. Right? Super important. And so what we are looking at is this. Right? The dealer gamma amplifying volatility. And that's really what happened yesterday. Okay? So if we stop rising above 7,200, they expect us to go to 7,040. If not, we go to 7,400. Use You got to embrace AI, folks. That's the way you're going to get better. Because it's your personal assistant. And it's a personal assistant that goes out and finds information for you so you don't have to. All right, let's take a look. Highest volume candle of the day, very interesting. Was not eclipsed by the closing candle. So super important. Here's our opening. Oh, come along, Fred. All right, I got to make this bigger. Aha. Here we go. This is where I suspect they're coming back into, 27,500. Now where is Starlight line there. Where is the closing candle formation? It's this one here. I'm going to make it left a little bit. I know TrendSpider's expensive, folks, but it's very good. Okay? All right, so here we are breaking the 30-minute low. It just broke the 4:00 a.m. low. And it broke the 30-minute closing low. That's going to collapse into the baseline. Very likely. I would not buy a dip here. I would look for If you're thinking long, it's a look below and go. So it's going to hold these wicks right here. If you're thinking a long, that's what you want to see. If it holds that, you buy it, it goes to the top of the box. The Globex high is Excuse me, the Globex opening high, 27,646.50. If it breaks that we've got more upward flow. And we have our walls above us that that we can look at as targets. What's trend? Up. Momentum in positive territory, but looking for support. Upward flows of the moving averages, they're going to find a bounce. Does it hit low levels? Absolutely. But they are looking for a bounce. For me because I believe we're in a topic formation I'm going to try to see the failed bounce to take it short all the way down. But I am trading countertrend. And this is dangerous. The natural event is to wait for these guys to change direction. So if I do take the countertrend fade I'm going to get out very quickly. Okay? I am not going to hang around and stay in that trade. Okay. We got those levels. Value area low for the region, very far below us, 27,000 and 340. I I wouldn't be mad at that trade. I would probably have a buy zone down here at 27,200 as I did yesterday. We talked about this. Buy zone down there. Right? Same thing. Sideways chop. Chart's trying to figure out what's going on. So here's something interesting. I read a paper. I I didn't really [clears throat] like it. I thought it was kind of whatever. But what it talked about was the ability for the YM to lead structure. And if the YM moved ahead of the ES and the NQ then the ES and the NQ would catch up. And this is the storyboard. So the question is the YM still has not broken its high. So it's not leading. As a matter of fact, what it's suggesting is that price action is still in rotation. Trend 200 still up. Dips are still buys, obviously. We didn't spend a whole lot of time under that 200. We probably might revisit it in general. But for this event if Look at this. This thing never faded on the open. So it absolutely told us what the rest of the indices were going to do. Now is this a heuristic? That's a fancy word that means a general personal observation. It could be. But the the the paper said, "Listen, the YM will lead big direction. Not necessarily from day to day, but overall." So what do we want this YM to do? If we're bullish we want it to stay above that 330 low. And that number is 48 49,811. If it loses that zone it's going into mean reversion. And we'll see it back down here. Pivot 49,480. Value area high 49,650. Okay. Bitcoin. This was running. Right? Bounces are still sell zones. The question is how long will it stay above that 200? My thought was, "Hey if it gets to 78,000 it's a swing short." Looks like it's headed there. It might not come back for me, but if it does I'm going to take a swing short there. What is the price action telling us? Well 9:30 candle was the most important candle of the day for this one. This is so interesting how it changes from day to day. And if we do Fibonacci, we can see that it's extended. It's over the 200 mark. Here's the 250. And then here's my number, 78,300, something like that. Right? I want to move it to the top there. So that zone I'm putting an alert here. Ta-da. Okay. So that's that's what I'm staring down. Otherwise I'm looking for a fade. This is mosh pit, folks. If you want to go long, you could scalp it. If you want to go short, you could scalp it. But find a formation that confirms. And what is that? You got to have a downward sloping 200. And you want to pull back into your front line supports bounce and not make a higher high. That's I mean, you might see a little bit on the 1-hour, but there's nothing This is might be a double top. Might. But it's going to Everything's bullish. So all it's going to do is pull back into support. It's a terrible trade unless you're scalping. Okay? If you're scalping, you can do that. But why not just take the trade that makes sense? Right? They are above the put wall, 77,000. Call wall 80,000. I don't know what's going on with these guys. Sloshing is my suspicion. Right? Slosh. They're back in this very high candle event. See, they're back in the box. So my thought is they go from the bottom of the box to the top of the box. And that's where I'm going to short it. But I'm not messing around in here. That is a dumpster fire. If you ask me. Okay. Let's go to oil. Okay. So, you know, traders, we are having a little bit of fatigue. We have news fatigue, and this particularly happens in war conflict because we get exhausted from listening to the bad news. Um and this is what is happening. This is why price action really is not accelerating higher as things get worse and worse, because they are getting worse, right? I mean, the longer people don't have access to these events, and the more it falls out of the news cycle, the more we don't realize what's going on. I need to look at the yen today. I'm going to get you guys an update on that. Okay. So, what are we staring down? Let's talk about trend first. The pivots show upward trend. That's going to match our 200 most of the time. Momentum, slightly upward. 50, slightly downward. VWAP, slightly downward. So, what do we have? A cross current. So, let's take a look at the biggest candle of the prior day. Here's where the intraday traders jam themselves up. Right in the box. We're still here. So, what does this tell us if we're all sideways and stuff? They're going to try and get to the low and then bounce. That's 102. Okay? If per chance they break above the pivot, they will now be above the pivot, above the VWAP, above the 50, and sitting right at the zero DTE put wall, which is above us. So, people positioning in oil anticipate short-term that prices will continue to rise over the next little bit. Our long our longer put wall that is going to go into the end of the month is all the way down here at 85. That's pretty dramatic. That difference. It's pretty dramatic. So, we've got sideways pressure. You know, my thought is I'm I'm going to hang out near the 200. I'm going to watch it come in. Here's the gamma line. This is the gamma flip. Perfect example of the gamma flip. Right here. It went from negative gamma to positive gamma. Broke through all of that and then went for the races. Here is the call wall. It's at 110. They absolutely obeyed the call wall. They could not get pricing pressure up over it. And so, what are they going to do? They're going to revert to the mean. My thought is that that is the number 102. Could it be a very sloppy move down there? You bet you. Could it break it? You bet you. But as it looks right here, if you're thinking about going short, you have a headwind. You have the wind in your face because of this trend, but if you scalp it and get out, things could look pretty good for you. This is my thought. Okay. Gold. The contract is rolling. Look at this, folks. 6850 for the G GC3. That would be 60 Excuse me. 4660, and this would be 4680. Just shy of the short. I did not get it because I was just off yesterday. I had some travel to do. Just off. But there it is, right there, the rejection zone. Yesterday afternoon, right into oh, yesterday morning, right into the area, the failed retest. What is the slope? It's down. It's the 200 that keeps you on the right side. You might go, "Well, why you got a 50 there, Emery?" You know, I often wonder this myself. My thought is I should just have a 200. But sometimes the 50 gives me a little bit of confidence on a tight cycle event. But I really am thinking about just removing it. It's just a pain in my neck. And it guides me the wrong way sometimes, but sometimes it gets me the right way. But here we are, great fade from this 4660 our support ledge going to be right here at 4560, yesterday's pivot. Here's the thing. Is this Which one do I want? We've broken this ledge in terms of trend. But what we really are looking for is where the traders rotated into this instrument and started backing volume in. Take a look at this. This is our 9:30 candle. That's the floor of support. Ideally, if I were a betting man, this floor of support would be the first place I would try to buy the trade, long. Collapse into this zone, fade. If it breaks down, I want to wait for it to recapture, and then I could take the trade up. I would be following the 50 in that case, right? Because the 50 is up. The 200 is down. So, I know I'm going to be looking for resistance, but this 50 being up tells me, "Wait a second. They're going to try and bounce here." Now, they could also really bounce here at 4580. I'm just not willing to take that trade. I want it to expand into the high volume area. And from that high volume area, then I want to take a look at this. This, as you know, I use this once in a while. It's typical volume by time of day. All of it looks this color right now because we just moved contracts. It'll stabilize after a couple of weeks, and that's why this one looks like this because the contract just rolled. Okay, let's go to spy. This has been a very long um been a very long event. Okay. So, let's get all these annotations out of here. So, what we can see is that spy had this gigantic box of congestion. See that? That's inventory. Remember, inventory accumulation leads to inventory distribution. We are going to distribute at either a discount People call that liquidation. Or we're going to distribute at a premium. People are distributing at a premium here. Notice? Measured move could take us all the way up here, but what do we want to stare down? We want to stare down the 50% range. So, what is that number? The 50% range, whoopsie, wrong. is right here at 720. If we lose 720, and we do not recapture 720, we will head back to 715. Only natural. See how far away we are? This is a squeeze. This is what a short squeeze looks like, where people are positioning short at the top of the ledge because they think it's going to fall back into the box. It doesn't fall into the box, and they're short, so they have to buy to leave the market. And that's what it looks like. This is forced buying. They have to get out because they're losing money staying in. If per chance we lose 720, and we recapture 720, 722, 723 is next. Okay? Listen. Tough market, but very useful information happened yesterday, and really a great reminder for me that you always have to be hyper-focused in terms of what you're looking at and thinking about everything there. And that's why that 1-minute opening candlestick gives you information. That's why that first 30 minutes of incredibly high volume gives you that information so that you can travel through the rest of the day. Hey, good luck. And um on the Benzinga show today at 10:30, and then, of course, folks at the Benzinga Pro Hour, we'll see you guys at 11:30. All right? Take care, everybody. Be safe.
