VIDEO 022: https://youtu.be/iMb2HCy-7Vk

Hi everyone. Today's Thursday, April 30th. It's the last trading day of April. And so we could see a little bit of volatility here that's unusual. The The biggest thing I find quite extraordinary here as we look at the E-mini S&amp;P is the size of this Globex candle. Now, could this have been Whoa. Could this have been um earnings associated with Amazon? Potentially. But I I don't know. The bottom line, however, is that it is still within the trading range of all of the candles for the entire week and indeed into last week. So we're still essentially range bound, but this means we're in a coil. Now, what's going on? Let's take a look at trend. Let's get this guy out of the way. All right. So on a 30-minute chart, we are looking at still an upward 200. It's telling us that dip buys are valid and we can see that clearly. They are defending 71 135, let's say. Let's put that on the edge. And that is what we will call the floor of this sideways formation. If it gets below that, wait for it to recover before you take a long. It's also right at the edge of the gamma line, which puts us between positive and negative gamma, and charts [clears throat] are still holding in this bullish trend. Now, I suspect that we rotate down, but it is being very stubborn here. So, you know, like Brian Shannon says, if the market doesn't scare you out, it'll wear you out. And so that is uh something that we're looking at. We've got a 50 that's sort of sideways. A VWAP that's all over the place. First we were below it, then we were above it. If you want to take the long after it captures the VWAP, there's no problem with that, but we're still range bound. And to me, this top of the range around 7185 is the zone that if we spend a lot of time up there, it could easily go the call wall. 7200. The put wall is still at 7100. No, it is at 6900. So they are positioning for a fade, leaving things as they are here. They're not rolling that put wall up. They're leaving the call wall steady. They're not rolling the call wall up. So it It appears that bigger money is sort of okay in the wash, rinse, repeat cycle. All right. That being said, we are above the pivot. We have positive momentum. And, you know, we're above these moving averages. So, dips are still buys. You just don't want to hold them for long up here. Can you sell the bounces? Well, yes, but you'd need a different formation to look at. You'd look at the 15-minute, right where that 200 is arching down. You can see that they are hunting resistance. So you wouldn't get short anywhere near here. You'd let them go try it. And you know, my thought would be 7200 would make a fair area for a short. Notice the compression of these moving averages. It means the traders are really landlocked in a battle. So you want to be careful. Pick your edges or places where you see a lot of things going on. All right? From a support perspective. Let's take a look at the NQ. NQ, also a very big Globex. And uh this is I don't know if it was news. It could have been news. But we are still Here's Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday, Friday, Thursday. So we are still trending up. It is still buy the dip here. We are still making higher lows. Tech is really bucking the trend so far, but we are definitely still making higher lows. Holding the gamma wall. What's the floor here? 24,000 185. If it loses that edge, step to the side if you're looking for longs. Wait for it to recover and then take the trade. Wait for it to recover. What do you mean? Go to a smaller time frame. Look on the edge. If you watch it break, wait for it to recover, and then you know where your stop is. Right? There's the anchored VWAP from the prior day. But that's what I mean by um wait for it to recover. Okay. Where's the top of the range? Well, it already broke the Globex high once like it did in the ES. Just went a little bit above, but it also broke the call wall. 27,000 900. Interesting. The put wall. Look at how far below it is. They're not adjusting it. Not adjusting that put wall. That We're going to have to watch that very carefully because that is saying they are um holding the area like they're going to have downside pressure and they're okay with that. Okay? All right. So, highs currently, if you want to take If you want to try a short here because things look very fluidly up, I would say all the way to the top here, 27,620. Wait for it to fail. You can use Dakota's three-bar reversal. Just wait for it to fail and then come down and uh take the trade. Short, right? After it loses the ledge. My thought is, hey, you failed to close higher. You wait for the break of resistance and then the next candlestick Excuse me. Wait for the break of support and then the next candlestick you move in. All right. It's always a failure to head higher, a break of frontline support, and then a rotation downward. Okay? Downside, value area low, 27,100, and then 27,000 or so. But this is very very sideways. Thursday, I don't know what Thursday naturally brings, but this Globex candle, huge. Huge Globex candle. It's trapping a lot of information there, and so I think it runs the show. I'm going to peek at the YM. Wow. What just happened? Look at that. That's got to be news. We'll check it out later. But that is still resistance, folks. See the trend? Great short up here at this broken pivot. Of course, it ripped everybody to shreds down here if they were thinking that price action was going to continue to head lower. That was a fast. All right. Let's go to Bitcoin. This will tell us about liquidity. It's still damp. Where was the biggest volume candle of the day for these guys? Right around here, 2:00. Intraday traders measuring that edge. And so they're battling with that right now. What's trend? Down. 200 down, 50 down. Above the VWAP. So the VWAP is flat. That's messy. Momentum is up. They're trying to find resistance. Look at where the put wall is. 78,000. Enthusiastic traders moving the put wall too high. So it's no longer defense. It's something that's going to accelerate downside if they stay underneath here. So what is the trade? The trade is you know, they want to recover this put wall. But trend says they've got downward flow. So my thought is the bounce is the sell. If you want to take it long up into the 200, you can, but it's tricky. So I would simply wait for the 200, let it get there, and then try the short at the 77,000 500 area, maybe. And take it down into 70 3,000. Right here. This is very noisy, but it is grinding lower. It is grinding lower. And of course, these I don't know who is playing with these options here, but they're just not positioning these walls carefully. You can tell that's much more risk uh risk on kind of thing. They're not They're not risk sensitive at all. All right. Let's go to oil. Nice fade. Nice fade in oil. We drew these two Fibonacci's to seek confluence. Um let's remove this one. It's holding this one fairly well. It came right up to the tick. This is Wow. What put wall is that? Okay, so this is the zero DTE put wall. So that's going to be a frontline uh support area because we also have a pivot. Look at the stair steps on these pivots. Very nice upward flow. If they lose this edge, they're headed back to the 200. Now, a lot of people wanted the 200 simple moving average. A lot of people want that to happen, right? But where are they arguing? Here's the highest flow of the day. They want to try that as a support. So some people are going to be trying to carry that bounce. Remember, upward flowing these big averages, the 50 and the 200. If they break, they are looking for interim support that will bring them back to the upside. What's the trade here? The view app is down, but still rising. The anchored view app is still the floor of support, and that's $104.66. If it breaks that area and you're trying to go long, step out of the way. If you're trying to go short, wait for it to try to get back up into the box and fail. And when it loses the box, you can take the short down into the 200, the next box, right? This area very, very important. So I would expect that they try to bounce. If they can't get up over the view app, that's also a good short. That number is 107. Gold. We rolled in gold, and so now we're here. Big rebound. We need this, right? When we have charts that flow, let's go into the last contract, right? Because the contract rolled. You can see all the uh How do you know what contracts rolled? Well, because all the volume dries up. How do you know that the volume's dried up? Because one, the volume bars don't show any volume, and two, the formation looks like this with jagged pieces all over the place, right? These are people trying to get out. They follow generally the same direction as the new contract, right? And this one is right at its 200, but this one is over its 200. Now, what's the storyboard? Well, we're going to use this. I know you're thinking, "Lady, pick a chart." What I want to see is where the big flow is from the prior contract. That's 4680. All right. So there's about There's about a $30 difference between one contract and the other. And 4680 isn't all the way It's all the way up here. This flow, remember, this is a sharp downward formation, so it's going to find uh a terminal point, right? It's the point where it stops moving up, starts moving down. It's that that terminal flow. I would say velocity, but it velocity. Some people argue about that because we're looking in another dimension, but that's fine. Whatever. Doesn't matter. We're looking for a top. Where everybody says, "Shh, I can't go any further." Looks like it's right here. Right? Now, if we break this number, 57, right? We are very likely to find the flow all the way up to 4690. And if that happens, then then we take over the short. But right here, this is an ideal short zone. Um it could easily kiss the 200 at the 4642 and bounce, but rotate back down. So you want to be careful here, and remember, gold carries a lot of leverage, and it can move very quickly. Where do you want it to go down to? Well, I believe this trend is down, and it's a continuation down. If we look at the 4-hour, we can see this 4690 sort of jamming up against this moving average, which is why I suspect this is where we're off to, but we'll see. The 4-hour also sitting at that spot, and then the daily Hmm. The daily doesn't have much of anything there except for prior congestion. All right. So we're good. Back to our 30. We know that if it comes here, if it falls down and it holds this 4620-ish area, could easily go to 4690, and that will be our zone where we start looking for a new short that can trend for several days. Okay? Let's take a look at spy. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Wow. This is very interesting. 4-hour candlestick, gigantic. Holds the lows of the prior day, and now here we are at the top of this zone. What does this look like? Looks like a gigantic range. So what does this tell you? One, if you're long options, you better get out when it hits these targets and not hold it to move on to the north. Why? You're going to have theta decay, you're going to have gamma decay, and eventually, when it rotates back down, you're going to have delta decay. Okay? So this is sideways, sideways formations. Move it down, move it up, and Wow. This This behavior is very interesting. Look at the This also same. Now it's tracking the 1600. I mean, the 1800 candle. That's What a mash pit. Very, very, very messy. So what's the storyboard? Bounce into the call wall, consider short. Pull back down to value area low, little bit above, maybe $708, you take the long. Everything else is literally a coin toss. You've got a moving average that's trending up, so the buyers are going to find floors here. I do not have any idea what's going to happen up here, and so if we get to the top of the range and it breaks the north, the call wall at 715 needs to hold. If it bounces up and fades, you're in great shape. Just like it did 3 days ago. If, however, it holds above there, it's got another run to the north. Zero DTE put wall and the big put wall right on top of each other. Who's ever seen this? Interesting. Wow, we're going to have a volatile day ahead. You want to be careful, but not too careful. Trade your trends. If it comes in, pulls back, move up. Just take profit. Take profit when it comes into the resistance zones. That's all I can say. All right, everybody. See you later.
