VIDEO 023: https://youtu.be/v6-4MD6_wZc

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, April the 29th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band. Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by Menthor Q, news by Benzinga Pro, and forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai. Okay, so let's take a look at the ES. What have we done? See the convergence? Right here. We have the 200 whoopsie, forgot to do this. Sorry. Now you get to see my morning reports. Let's record, go to the folder, allow. Great. Everything's all set there. So, what do we have going on? Yesterday, this was our 9:30 candle. The several days before, our 9:30 candle was over here. They're about the same size. Which I find interesting. So, I've asked Sidekick to give me some averages, and it's doing that for me while we chit-chat here. So, we'll be able to see the some of the analysis that I did suggests that very big opening ranges, and I'll be talking about this tomorrow in um the study session Discord in the Coach Anne-Marie uh channel on uh the Topstep Discord. We'll be talking about what the size of an opening candlestick could tell us in terms of range. And what's very interesting is the size of the opening candlestick, if it's very big, price action tends to compress for the rest of the day, unless it's had volatility measures outside of the range that suggest that it's got bigger upside. But, the larger the opening candle, the less likely it is that we have massive follow-through. So, I find that to be very interesting. So, that being said, let's continue. What do we see here? Well, we've got a 30 30. That's a 50 simple moving average that's down, a 200 that's up to flat. So, we've got compressing volatility. We heard Dakota say that he's increasing size because the Vix has come back. Um this is one of those areas where you can see that price compression and that Vix coming in. So, here we are taking a look at it. We are fighting with the VWAP, which is mixed if we look at the afternoon of the prior day and today. Upward and then downward. So, a little bit mixed. We are under the pivot. And we're battling with these levels. So, what are we staring down? Well, this cross is something that a lot of people don't like. We'll have to see. This is very jagged. I would anticipate that upward flow is not unlikely. But, I'm not sure we can get up over 7190. If we can, we've got another group of buyers that are going to engage up above 87, I would say. If we take a look at that, and that will send us into the candlestick open of Monday, which comes into the call wall, 7200. Where is the put wall, friends? Can't find it. 7100. Right? So, we've got 100 points here. We're very close to the call wall. And what we anticipate, well, what I anticipate is a fade that really brings us down towards this level. At 71. I don't know how well it's going to go. A lot of people are nervous about shorting right here. But, I I'm not, really. But, I want to see it break this trend line. So, we have aggressive uh and increased chance of shorts if we can lose 6165. I believe that takes us to the bottom and to the gamma wall that divides positive gamma flow from negative gamma flow. Let's take a look at the NQ. All right. Um the NQ has already had its cross. Got big earnings. Let's take a look at the size of the opening candle for Monday. And let's clone it. And then let's do yesterday's opening candle. Much bigger. About 1 and 1/2 times the size of the prior candle. But, notice the overall range sits inside of that candle all day, which statistically speaking is what we expected based on uh the data taken from Sidekick. All right. So, what are we looking at? Well, here's the 9:30 candlestick from Monday. And the traders really could not come into it. Right? They are right there at the low of that edge. They can't get above it. So, for right now, 27,300 looks like resistance. Okay? That being said, the break above 27,300, if it holds, can move into the call wall, which is about 27,375, something like that. We've had a cross. We are above the pivot. Above the 200. Above the 50. All of that says buy the dip. The noise is that they are overlapping each other. So, if we take a look at the last candle of the day, we can see that 3:30 whoops, that's a 4:00 candle. The 3:30 candle open is the floor of support currently. 27,185 or so. All right. So, holding that floor gives us a good buy. If we lose it, I suspect we head to the bottom of this range. The gamma line is right around 27,050. The put wall is 27,000, and the call wall is 27,000, as I mentioned, 375. We've got a lot of earnings this week. We could see volatility. But, this, my friends, classic mash pit. Classic mash pit. 4:00 a.m. candle inside of the 9:30 candle. Globex candle inside of the 9:30 3:30 closing inside of the candle. Just not a ton of volume into the edge of the day. But, they are starting to participate. So, we shall see. My suspicion is that we fade. So, I do have a short on. But, I am going to flatten it out if I get above this zone and stay there. Let's take a look at uh Bitcoin. Ooh, interesting. Big bounce in Bitcoin right off of the floor. 9:30 candle important today, or yesterday, excuse me. It was the biggest one that we had. But, still not as big as this candle, which gave us our breakout. 76,850. Notice how you can use this. Forward motion. You see this large candlestick, you can draw Fibonacci. Alfred, come on. You can draw Fibonacci. If it breaks the 50% range, you wait for it to recapture. That happened at about 1:00 in the afternoon, and then it's been long all day. This is liquidity coming into the market. I am surprised, but it still only got to the top of that high volume candlestick, and now we are inside it again. What is the slope of the 200? It was up and then down. What is the slope of the 50? It's down and now flat. And the VWAP is up. Pivot is below us. Momentum is high. Mixed bag, but dips are buys. So, where is the appropriate dip? My suspicion is that 77,400 77,450 makes the good buy event. If it loses 77,200, it needs to recapture it immediately. And then if it doesn't, it heads to the pivot or the low of this candlestick. This is what they're actually battling, folks. This candle right here are the traces that it's moving through. This is where everybody planted their flag and said, "I'm going to buy or I'm going to sell." And they're going to come in to defend that line. And you can see that they have. If they don't defend the line, well, and they get above 78,300, it's a long, but it's a messy long into the prior opening range candle of several days past. And we actually just went into that, interestingly enough. Just stopped shy of it. So, my thought is a very sideways day ahead. It's going to be very messy. Let's take a look at crude. Whoa. Mercy. Okay, trend up, momentum up. Savage. Man, oh man, this is really something. All right, let's recalibrate. Yesterday's big candlestick, it's the biggest one of the nearest days. We'll draw Fibonacci there in a sec. Actually, you know what? I'm going to clean these lines up. Please forgive me. All right. First things first, let's see. Over the past four or five days, we've got this beast. We've retested it yesterday and in the Globex last night. Pretty nice. So, important candle. Let's draw Fibonacci. Upside pressure. Take a look at this. That's topping formation. Potentially below the call wall, which is at 105. So, this Fibonacci off of this major spike here, pretty important. Let's take a look at this ADM spike. It's the opening candlestick formation. Almost the same size as this candle, maybe a little bit more vol- volatility, excuse me. And then let's draw Oh, come along, friend. Now we have our formation up here. Both of these Fibonaccis colliding right around this zone. So, the top of the range to break to the north is this 103. 104. All right? If it breaks above 104 and you're thinking about shorting, uh don't. However, right now, it's in a shorting formation. So, what do we want to see? We want to see a look below, a bounce that doesn't hold above 103, and then when it breaks again, Bob's your uncle. You can go all the way down to 10150. Slope of the VWAP up, slope of the 50 up, slope of the 200 up, slope of momentum up. Dips are buys. So, if you take a short, it's got to be quick. Countertrend shorts, very quick, and with smaller size. This is how you manage yourself, okay? That's how you manage your risk. You take smaller sizes if you're going against the relative trend. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Gold. Oh, we've rolled. Nope. Yep. I think this is it. Let me see. Well, this is the one we're going to use. You can see this is not and then all of a sudden we've got volume right here. Okay, so let's take a look. What's trend? Down. What's momentum? Down. A little bit positive. Where are we in relation to the VWAP? We're under the VWAP. Where's the pivot? We're below it. All of this says, "Sell the bounce." So, what bounce do you want to sell? Well, looks to me like the pivot bounce. 4620. Where is this chart going? As I mentioned, I believe it easily could head down here. 4300. Maybe even 4100. I don't know. But, it's got downward flow. It's going to bounce again, but it's got downward flow. So, what are we staring down? Well, right here, we see this contract event giving us a higher low. So, you don't just want to willy-nilly short in here because it is trying to recapture the value area low. And if it's trying to recapture the value area low, that's how you're going to work that, right? You're going to go value area low, value area high. There we have it. My thought would be wait for the short up at 4620 and then take the trade. If you want to be aggressive and whipsaw your way up there, we have broken the put wall. So, you could try a long here at 45 80. 4582. And then rotate your way up above the put wall, which sits at 4600, the call wall at 4650. That's quite compressed. Oh, that's the zero DTE. Pardon me. The real put wall is 4450. 4450. So, bounces are sells until otherwise noted. Trust me on this. This is going to go for a little bit. Be careful. All right. Let's go to spy. Oh my goodness. Sorry. I'm thinking about old movies. I had a group of friends once, way back in the Yeah, when I when I had friends, when I wasn't chained to my desk. Um I had a group of friends once, and all we did, this particular group, when we responded to each other, it would just be movie quotes. It was a very &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's a very strange time, but it was always quite funny. All right, let's go to spy. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know why I just thought of them. Okay, um what is spy doing? It's caught between the two big moving averages. It's above the pivot, below the 50, below the gamma wall. Big deal. It fell below the gamma wall overnight. Last night, night before last, excuse me. And now, here we are sitting in the closing candle. Look at this. Look at the compression. Here's the 9:30 candle. Here's the 3:30 candle. Here's the 4:00 a.m. candle. They're all inside each other. That, my friends, is a mixed bag. That means dips are buys and spikes are sells. The question is, which one do you want to go after and how much strength do you want to have with it? To do that, I would use the 9:30 candle of the prior day. And I would say, "If I get to the top of the 9:30 of uh 2 days prior, I'm going to try and short that. If I try to get to the gamma wall, I might try it because it is also the 50% range, but I would be careful there. If it looks like it's not going to behave, just get out. Right? Where do you expect price to go? Let's do Fibonacci. Well, let's just clone the candles. Same thing. That's what a Fibonacci is doing. It's measuring the size of the candles and then doing multiplicative style. Uh value area low 707, value area high is where we're battling, 713. What's the moral of the story? You know, Wednesdays are kind of janky, if I want to use, you know, cool kid slang day for you. So, you want to be a little bit careful, all right? Watch watch yourself. Just uh watch that risk. There's plenty of times to trade. Just Now you're developing skill. If you've been with me for the whole time, you're developing skill, and that is the most important thing. All right, folks. I'm not on any streams today. I got a lot of administrative stuff to do, and uh so I'll see you on the streams tomorrow, and take care.
