VIDEO 024: https://youtu.be/Ci26xkZ1FQQ

Good morning everyone. Today is Tuesday, April the 28th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. News by Benzinga Pro, charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menter Q, and forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai. Let's take a look at the ES. We've got upward trending flow on the 200, but here we are well below the floor of the 50 simple moving average. Are we above the pivot? No. Are we above the V web? No. Are we above the 50? No. So, we've got all these no's and negative momentum. It tells us we've got ourselves a little bit of noise, potentially a pullback into the put wall. So, what is the put wall? Currently, the put wall is near the 200 simple moving average, that's 7170. I suspect that is where we go. I took a little trade last night based on the midpoint of our uh 9:30 candlestick formation. Picked it up right there. There's our 9:30. Good solid volume, but not a lot of traders participated yesterday. Volume was low, and so this midline bounce was just enough to get to the 50, and then that was all she wrote. Notice that 50 simple moving average is really very close to our MOC candlestick. That MOC candle is a big deal. All right. So, now what are we staring down? We're staring down a chart that is weekly bullish. So, only the deep dips are going to give us buy signals at this juncture. So, we've already had a dip that came down from 7220 all the way down to 7100 80-ish, right? And so, that's given us a lot of points, almost 40 points. Could we hold here? Yes. Could we drop to the prior day's pivot and the Globex open? Yes. Could we come to the put wall? Yes. My thought is this is clear sideways formations. So, we wait for the deep dips. We do not engage. We wait for the deep dips to go long, or we watch them try to recover this MOC candle or the Globex candle, and if they do it, we resume long. If they don't, we resume short, and that is, in general, the failure of around 10, 7208, something like that. That's where I'm going to be looking for a short. If it doesn't work out, my stop will be very contained, but with this downward flow, the big rotation back, notice how Thursday's excuse me, Friday's formation was very steep between the opening candle and the closing candle. They're really far away from each other. Yesterday, not so much. And so, we're going to pull in. On top of that, Goldman Sachs put a letter out to folks that says, "Hey, listen, we're going to have a fade." Just like they said at the beginning of April, we're going to have a bounce, and now they're warning you ahead of time. Listen, we're going to have a fade. So, we are going to see the change of sentiment, and we're going to stop trading the dip buys, and it's going to start being ones of selling the bounces. Let's go to the NQ. Same sort of thing. Except really, the whole day was very sideways. The 9:30 candle pretty important. We just broke it. Let's borrow this. Put it up here. Almost the same size as the prior 9:30 candle. That's very interesting. But now we've broken it. They want to find a floor. They do. Do you see the wicks trying to come up on the bottom of this? But they've lost 27,000 300. And so, the next line is probably 27,200. 27,175. The put wall is sitting right there at 27,200. What does this tell us? Well, always orient yourself. Where is price relative to everything else? Well, it's outside of the prior day. It's no longer in there. So, we're outside of range of the prior day, and certainly we're outside of value of the prior day. Am I above the V web? No. V web trending down. Am I above the 50? No. The 50's trending down. Am I above the pivot? No. And trending down. So, what's the next road sign? It's the 200. They're going to leak their way into that, 27,175, and they might indeed try to bounce off of it, but the bounce is probably going to be a fail, and then we're going to continue to trend down. Right? That's That's what we're looking at. Some people might say, "Yeah, but earnings might be great, but it doesn't Listen, this is a gamesmanship event, right? They move the market where they want it to go, and then do what they want to do. Goldman wants to look like the good guys, so they're coming out ahead of time and going, "Hey, things are, you know, going to rotate downwards." Jane Street, they love being the bad boys. You know, uh that place it reminds me of a dressed up boiler room is what it reminds me of. But that's just me. Um I don't believe you have to manipulate the market to make money. But if you do manipulate it, you make a lot of money, and they made a lot of money. And so, they're right on the edge of whether it's legal. I think it's totally unethical, but legal and decent, and they're I think they're tremendously indecent. But, you know, it's about the law, and so they're right on the edge of the law manipulating the markets. And I I don't think you have to do that to make money, but if you do it, you can make a lot of money, and they are proving that. But, I just kicked myself off the soapbox. That's right. I'm moving on. Okay. What's the next candle in play? It's going to be the 9:30 candle of Friday. Here we are bouncing off of it. Right now, that's the high. They're going to try and hold it, that 27,260. If they bounce, I'd like a healthy bounce, and see the collapse around all this congestion. That's going to be where I will position a short, 27,000. Uh 385. Okay? I I like that area. A micro. Let it dance around all it wants, and then we move back down. If you are concerned that a big bounce might occur, just, you know, position yourself up here. Or, take the long, because the 200 is still up. I have no idea why my phone is going off like that. My apologies. Let's go to Let's look at the YM. The YM looks very different than all of these. Notice, this is convex, and the other guys are concave. Right? They're arcing arching over, and these guys are arching up. Now, it could be because they failed quite a bit earlier in the cycle and they're done and now they're rotating back up. This also might be telling us that you know, the pull backs in the ES and the NQ are going to be relatively shallow in the near term. I don't know, but this is moving very differently than the others. I just thought it's interesting to note and since we're here, why don't we look at our last index? This one looks more like the others, but the YM looks very different. Let's take a look at our liquidity measure. We know that's Bitcoin. Once again, cannot get to 80,000. Here they are at 76,000. Let's orient ourselves. Where are we in relation to other price? Well, we're definitely outside of value if we look at the big picture here. We're outside of value. We're within range of this formation, but our 200 is far away from us. It's still trending up. Our 50's trending down. Our VWAP is trending down. We're well below the pivot. This tells us the bounces are sell zones. Okay? That's just what it's telling us. Bounces are sell zones. And so that's what we're staring down. So, what does that mean? Well, maybe the 50 at 77,400 could be a good initial short if it comes down to 76,750 where we are about now and does not fade, time to get out of the trade. Or if it bounces and we take the trade short and it cannot lose 77,450, then we get out of the trade as well. It tells us it's going to move right back up into the range. The biggest candlestick of the day, 11:00 a.m. 7:00 a.m. 11:30 1:30 Yeah, this is all mishmashed. Doesn't really have There's something else going on here, but it is not uh it's not time based like that. So, if we clone this, we can see that first things first, we could get to 76,000. You know, my thought is if you can get back down here in the 75,000 area, I'm going to start looking for a long. Until then, no bueno. And it's showing that liquidity is not affecting the motion positively in a way that we might expect it to. All the zoomies. We know which one gives us the zoomies every day. It's energy. you know, people who are thinking energy is in a bear market not reading the writing on the wall. We We're going to have some problems, folks. Don't want to sound like uh doom and gloom gal, but we are going to have ourselves some problems. Still the biggest candlestick of record in days past. And so, let's get after it. 50% marker at 100 big fat round number, but look at this. This is consolidation or inventory building. They're setting the basis of price to the upside. And now here we go. Right? That is uh something to watch. Rotation up. There's huge gamma line at 10150. And then here go our markers. The call wall is not It's 110. The put wall is 85. This is where I see the floor, but this price action is rotation upward. We probably I have not checked the news. I'm going to guess there's some sort of you know, squabble that's a little bit bigger. Here's the buy. Again, orientation. Outside of value and range. So, we're well outside of the range of the last two days of motion, but they have been consolidating and building inventory there. So, now it's in distribution. If it's in distribution, we're going to hit to 100. Probably pull back. That's a big fat round number. And then the pull back into $97 gives us a buy zone. Right? So, that's my take on the market. If you want to chase this, you can. Um but I still see a retrace into $98.76. I do. And at at that point, it might look good, but we are above the VWAP that is trending up. We're above the 50 that is trending up. We are above the 200 that is trending up. We are above the the pivot and momentum is trending up. Now, is momentum long in the tooth? Yes, but as I love to say, you know, before the GFC and the financial crisis of the aughts, uh Google stayed up here in the 97 range for 8 months. Yeah. So, overbought means nothing. Don't use that indicator to tell you to go in reverse. It's a very bad idea. Other things have to happen. This is a validation event, not a driver. Okay. If per happenstance it falls, there's the pivot at 95 and some change that we would be looking at. Let's take a look at gold. Ah, yes. Shocking, I tell you. No, it's not shocking. I told you. We've got a fade here in gold. Let's take a look. Where are we? Well outside of range. Well outside of value. What's the trend? VWAP down. 50 down. 200 down. Well below the pivot. All of this trending down. This is an accelerated motion. Now, 4626 was the line that I have here that should be an area to go long. It's already collapsed. You can see them trying to get there for several hours. Collapsed. We're looking now. We need to go to the daily chart to see where we're at. Could we revert to the 200 simple moving average? Could. Where's that number? Let's use old supports and maybe this 200 will creep up there. 4330. It's going to be a nice buy zone. See this rotation? This is why it's always good to look at things on the daily chart. It came right to the 200, bounced, came right to the 50 and could not breach. That's a short. Could not breach. Lower high, lower lows. Absolutely textbook formation. You just have not to lose the plot. A lot of us lose the plot. If we go to the 4-hour, let's see what we have intraday. This area, this 4626, very likely going to be a buy zone formation. But so far it's failing it. So, it tried to look above that area and did not and so the next wicks that we want to watch, and then 4550. Potentially, we will lose both of those. The put wall is way down here at 4460. Could we get there? Absolutely. But, this is sell the bounce. Listen, you don't even have to sell the bounce. You could sell below all the prior candles. You're just going to have risk. So, both of those clearly trending down. Clearly trending down. Woah. All right. Spy, same thing. We just broke the 50. Here's our 4:00 a.m. candlestick. We're losing the 4:00 a.m. low. That number's 713. Let's measure this for the globex event and see what we've got. Oh, all right. They could try to bounce right here. Take a look. We have the a pivot, an anchored Vwap, and prior support. So, very likely that they shake the trees, shake out all the longs that are trying to get in, but have we can't, and then they lift. But, the bounce is very likely to sell. And so, where is the sell zone event? I'm going to put a line right at the open of the 3:30 candle. That is 715. Right? That's going to be our uh sell zone. If it doesn't come back for us, you know, it happens. Could you take a long here? Well, yeah, you could, right? We've got a bullish 200, an upward to flat 50, a downward Vwap, and under the pivot. So, it looks like a mixed bag, right? One, two, three, four observations all around price. Pivot, the Vwap, the 50, the 200. All of it, right there. Only one of them says it's potentially bullish, and that's the 200. It's too far away. So, it bounces, and then potentially fades. But, this is a good bounce zone. They're going to try and bounce it here. If you have legs to hold it, or you make your size very small, and it dips, it could work out. I don't love it because there's so much mixed motion. All right, we are well outside of value. Value area high is 711. Value area low, 706. All right, everyone. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
