VIDEO 025: https://youtu.be/M5L79HA-hPg

Hi everyone. It's a new week. Today is Monday, April the 27th. My name is Anne-Marie Bant. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. News by Benzinga Pro, charts by TrendSpider, data analytics and forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai, and gamma flows by Menthor Q. So, you know, Mondays we always take a look at the daily. Let's go back one more and take a look at the weekly. See what we've got. We are still trending up, folks. Here's what we do notice, though. You see this technical divergence here? We are accelerating into an exhaustion event. At which point, it will begin to pull us back down into congested zones. So, prepare for a rotation. Momentum tells us that we are not moving up with the same speed that we began moving down. Um that we began moving up with. Okay? That is all the way over here. And again, you can see that technical divergent play out in this formation. And that is a high, and then a lower high between October and November. And here we are seeing it again. We have this high for November all the way to February. And now, here we are in April, and we have a lower high bounce. So, all of this tells me we're moving into an exhaustion event that's going to pull us closer to the moving average. Doesn't mean we're going to break down and really look rough, but we're we're going to have a sticky bit ahead of us. We'll either go sideways and jagged until this 50 catches up, or we're just going to dump right down into it. As I've mentioned many times, big traders, investment houses, they're all hedged for the drama. And that is why the market has been very hard uh to really dip and digest. It's more of a dip and then off we go again. So, we'll be seeing those sorts of things. All right. Big line in the sand for us to watch is the low of around 7170. Markets gave us a really great pull back into that area in the pre-market, but it hasn't really lifted too much. I mean, yeah, we got 20 points, but that's not chicken feed, but well, maybe it could it could be chicken feed. Just lots of chickens. So, here's what we're staring down, 30 minutes. Let's take a look at how the market has formed over the last couple of days. Here's the closing region of the day. Fairly solid volume. We're going to draw a box around the closing volume candle. That's MOC. That's the MOC candle, market on close. And here is the MOC, except it's the MOO. Market on open. All right? Market on open, market on close, we gapped down, but if you watch me on uh Market Kickoff, I said, "Hey, listen, dips are going to be buys." And indeed, they were. They were absolutely beautiful buys with the floor sitting right at that pivot. And so, we're going to be watching the pivot number, 7177 7177 today. And then, if it loses that pivot, potentially, instead of 7170, we come all the way into 7160. Right? At which point, we should lift again. Dips are still buys here. Our momentum is mixed, but dips are buys. When will it become dangerous to buy the dip? Well, if you bought a very shallow dip, like the one here into the top of the MOC candle, you're going to have some some problems. If you buy the deep dips, you're going to be fine all the way down to 7145 and even 7131. So, how do you sort that in your mind? Well, for me, I look at the 200. If the 200 is up, and my market on open candle is below my market on close candle, I'm going to be buying my dips. If I decide I take a short, it's going to be very quick. If I decide I'm going to take a long, and I lose my edge, let's say I take a long at the pivot, 7177. I literally could still have buying pressure that exists all the way down here to the zero DTE put wall at 7130. I don't want to hold it for 40 points. So, I'm going to say, "Hey, I'm going to cut it off right at the edge, 7170, 7172." Five to eight points, and then that's giving me a shot to the upside. Right now, the VWAP is flat, so we got sideways motion. Here is the open of our candlestick formation. That's the candle open, there's the candle close, and the close happens to be right down on the pivot. So, right now, this 7185 appears to be a good support zone in general. All right? Buy the dips are here. If you're looking for somewhere that says, "Hey, exactly buy this with X many points of stop," you know, you can easily do that. Buy 7185 with 12 points of a stop. That's what happens when you got markets that look like this. I don't want to stop 12-point stops. I want us to come in and see price immediately move with us. That's going to be the goal. Okay? Let's go to the NQ. And of course, if you've got if you're in a funded program, or you know, you're working towards a funded program, might I say that it would be better for you to use micros at this juncture. Micros would be ideal. Let's go to the weekly chart of the NQ. We can see Look at that bounce. Gigantic. Same sort of divergence from this high to this low. Trend is still up, so dips are still buy. The gamma wall between positive and negative gamma is fairly far away, 26,500. Almost 800 points away. Uh almost 1,000 points away, actually. If we look at 26,500. So, we are in positive gamma flow for the week. We're still doing dips are buys. Trending up. We are very far from the 50 simple moving average, um even on the 4-hour formation. We're very far from that moving average. So, we're getting a little long in the tooth. This could be uh buy the rumor, sell the news, because we are beginning the week for earnings with the semis. So, that being said, we got to pay attention. Now, let's take a look at the MOO and the MOC. Very tight MOC candle, market on close, as I mentioned, 3:30 to 4:00. This is the range. We opened just at the edge and broke it on the X. And now, here we are sitting just above it. Candlesticks inside of each other. This looks very range-bound to me today, but dips are buys. The pivot makes a pretty nice region for you to step aside, let it fade, and then come back to the area. You want it to push through the 50 simple moving average if you buy that dip at 24,000 27,300. If you do not uh breach the 50 simple moving average, meaning you don't get up, you know, 80 points, 90 points above that pivot, it's probably a good thing to take your money and run. Okay? The put wall in the NQ is 27,000 350. So, it could be in the way. A little sticky. Right? The MOO. It'd be funny if we started calling it the moo candle, right? The moo candle. Um There are a lot of people that believe MOC is much more important than MOO, but we we don't care about that. We're just looking. Okay? If indeed price action pulls back, and we lose the pivot, watch for it to come into either the high or the open of Friday's M OO. Right? So, the high of Friday's market on open candle is 27,260. Then it drops to 210. So, that really is your floor of contention. Value area high, very far away. This chart is much more extended than the ES. We can see a a of rotation in the charts because these guys and gals that are trading the ES, the NQ, the YM, they are uh following different patterns. Very different patterns and I believe that has to do with rotation. We'll see. We'll see what uh We'll see what gives. All right. Next in line is micro Bitcoin. Let's take a look at the week in micro Bitcoin. They have tried very hard to get up over these edges. Resistance is still clearly 80,000. I mean, there is so much supply up there. Crazy. That being said, we've got ourselves a bottoming formation potentially. So, dips are still buys here in an upward trending 200. If we go to the daily, we can see that trend is downward. But, we now have support on the 50 beneath. Okay? So, in the short run, we still have a disconnect. We have a 200 that's down on the day and a 200 that's up on the week. So, traders are battling. Where are they battling? This area here at 80,000. Let's remove all our annotations for today. We can see the very big volume candle that came in in Feb 6th. That's my brother's birthday. All right. So, here's Feb 6th. And we are breaking out of the the 1.5 of the Fibonacci there. Could we easily come back in? Yes, absolutely. What would be the ideal bullish structure if the markets gave it to us? The ideal bullish structure would come here at the retest of 71,600. That would be 600. That would be absolutely fantastic. Okay? That's That's really what we would be looking for. Right now, it's very heavily congested and we can see this gamma wall at 80,000 is absolutely putting uh a temp a temper on it. Okay? And so, value area low, 81,750. If we go to the 30-minute chart, let's take a look at the key candles for Bitcoin. This one is a 1:30 candle and this one is a 7:00 a.m. candle. So, these are all news-related. We don't see any dramatic spikes in a time frame. Um we have 7:00 and then, of course, the MOO candle, the market on open candle, does give us some extra volume, but not a ton and we're under it. We are also That's why today is sideways. Take a look at this. The MOC candle and the MOO candle are giving us sideways formations. So, I suspect we go sideways today with deep dips being buys. Notice, we reverted all the way into the 200. This dip could be a buy. But, price action says, if you buy it, you want to make sure you don't hold for some sort of monstrous number, but it's very likely to come back and test the regions of congestion. And that is 77,800 value area low, value area high 78,840. Notice the pivot, it's right in the way. But, trend is up on the tight moving averages. Momentum is bullish. It's just above zero. Right? It's an old bull. It's just sort of lumbering around, but still bullish. So, your target zones probably I would estimate to be somewhere around the Globex opening candlestick formation, which gives us 78,650 to 79,310 as the target. Let's go to early. Okay. Let's remove all the annotations. We're starting the week. Let's start the week. Here are we. Here we are. This big candlestick from the beginning is still holding all of the price pressure. Momentum is not divergent. It's holding steady on the weekly. But, we are still caught in here. And as long as we stay caught in here, it's going to be more likely that dips are going to get bought and bounces are going to get sold. This is what I suspect we're going to be visiting in general. Okay? So, the highest candlestick of recent time, last month or so, is the candlestick on What day is this? March 10th. So, this is the candle that we are sitting inside of at this juncture. Came right up to 113. 120 is the top. It's very interesting. So, this is the actual box that we are staring down. Let me make sure that this is visible on Oh, cruckles. It's only visible on the daily. Uh let's see. That's the entire March 10th candle. Let's go all the way to 30-minute. And let's see if we can get March 10th in here. It's pretty far away. Nope, not giving it to us. So, currently, we have to go to the daily to see what those levels are. Let me just mark a few of them. Here's what we have. 106, 113, 120, 91,50, Nope. 84, 20, about. And 76,80. What I am going to do is clone this to the downside in case we do see downward flow. At which point, we can take a look at I don't know I have this uh this fib here. Let's reverse. Well, wait. Um 98, 80. Okay, now reverse. I need this line at 98,80. I don't know why I didn't put it up there. Okay? So, that is also a line and then the downward flow on the Fibonacci gives us extended motion to the downside. I don't think we see that, folks. And if we do see it, they're going to be buying it hand over fist. It's going to look like the It's going to look like this only on the bottom. That's my supposition. Okay. So, a lot of people saying, "Hey, this is a head and shoulders pattern, blah blah blah." You know, I don't trade those. Uh they're they're too uh subjective for my analytics. So, let's let's stare it down. Let's take a look at the most uh the heaviest flow from candlestick formations. We've got these two at 1:00 p.m. and 1:30 p.m. I am going to put a line a box, excuse me, around both of them. And this would have occurred on Thursday of last week. This entire formation of traders getting involved here are still engaged. This is the gamma wall. Breaking this box set them into the gamma wall and then they recovered. So, what do we want to see? Do we come into Friday's lower pivot below the gamma wall at $93.40 and then bounce? Or do we stay higher? That's where our decision zone is going to be. To be sure, it seems likely that if it loses 94,50, it will recapture it. But, it could drop all the way to 93,40 and indeed 92,75, which would really uh hurt a regular account. The pivot, it would hurt any account, to be sure. $95 and the anchor VWAP trying to hold this zone. Dips are buys, but it's very messy. Very, very messy. This 11:30 candlestick, oil has become incredibly reflexive with news. Probably because people are trading one side to pull it off quickly based on I'm going to say it, insider trading. There we have it. Okay? So, there it is. At least we know. Um you know, we know. Uh high, we could go to 97,50. Boy, I've been talking a long time. But, chopping around here. What's the moral of the story? Great big spikes are going to get sold. Great big dips are going to get bought. If you are in a trade or great big dip or great big spike comes, if it's in your favor, get out immediately. Don't think you're going to hold on for the moon. And if it's against you, make sure you've got your stop tight enough that if it comes in and wicks you, you're not going to lose your account. I do not belong to the to the camp of hey, just make the stop really wide. Why? So I can dig myself out of a hole if it happens to fade? No. Put your wishing order in if you think that's going to be the case or get out really quickly. All right, let's talk about gold. Last night I had a short in gold. I said, "Hey, listen, I'm only taking it to 4685 or 4686." And literally it came right into those numbers. Began to bounce. I got out of the trade. And it recaptured the VWAP and moved all the way to where? 4740. We talked about this line as being near the 200. Now, notice what the chart is trying to do. This is a flag. What kind of flag is this? It's a bear flag. If you believe gold is going to increase right now and that's your game, your long is going to be right around this area, 4710, 4720. Is the 50 moving up? Yes. Is the VWAP moving up? Yes. Is the 200 moving up? No. So we have two out of three. So you know it's small size. And now let's take a look at their closing candles to find out how the chart Well, no. Let's go to the most voluminous candles. Do you like that word? It's a Monday morning word. Oh, there you go. We look at the We look at the most voluminous candles and we see where the chart is relative to that framework. So interestingly, this is a 10:00 a.m. candle. The 1:30 candle over here is the natural closing candle. The 10:00 a.m. candle here gives us, you know, wider ranges, but we're inside of the box. So easily, we could go from bottom of the box to the top of the box. What's in the way? Well, anchored VWAP from Thursday. Um sellers at 4740. But that's what I would like to see. Not bad to buy at all. You just want to be careful holding on. And if this wave that you're seeing stalls out at this 4740, you want to get out. If it stays put, you don't lose the lows of your nearby candles, you're going to be able to go to 4750 and then maybe even 4760. Okay? Let's take a look at spy. How's spy running? Spy's very interesting right now. Um It's holding holding pressure. MOC candlestick. Pretty important. They're right inside of that MOC. So where they going to go? Uh to the top of the MOC, 715? 715? So what's the score after that? Well, I'd probably take some gains. But if you wanted to hang on, then the midpoint of that box would be your stop. And that is around 71380. Um yeah. Dips are clearly buys. We're above the pivot. Both moving averages are up. The VWAP is up. Your momentum is high. And it is not divergent. So everything here says buy the dip. Right? The opening candlestick formation of Friday is very far below. Could we have some news that gave us a savage dip? Yes. So if you lose the base of the 4:00 a.m. candlestick formation, pulls back and you don't bounce, you know, it's probably going to come into that pivot. If it loses the pivot, then you want to look at the market on open candle. All right? And that market on open candle is down here. The high is 711. 711 is quite an amazing place if you're in Japan. And then 710 .75. All right? Going to be an interesting day. Lot of news. You're going to be careful. Manage your flow and good luck. Take care, everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
