VIDEO 026: https://youtu.be/k8TSmQyGfOE

Hi everyone. Let me make that screen looking brighter. My goodness. There we go. Um today is Friday April the 24th and this is the money ball morning report. News by Benzinga Pro, charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q. We take a look at the ES. We've had some very wiky days. Just read dreadfully disturbing reports about how much insider trading is going on, but you know it probably was always going on. We just didn't have tools to find it as easy as we find it now. But, let's take a look at what's going on. Closing candle 3:30 was not nearly the size of the candlestick that was news based at 1:30. Um Yeah, so this 1:30 candlestick sticks out just a little bit and it sticks out to me we want to look at the open and we want to look at the high. Okay? So, those are the areas that we want to watch. The closing day market Globex opened up inside of that range. We've got sideways moving averages. I would suspect that we have downward flow. Now, I don't know that downward flow is a great place to go here. We probably want to wait for a bounce into 7160. Maybe 7156. That's that's my thought. So, gamma the gamma flip line is 7122. The anchored VWAP we're sitting right on top of it. Let's get our pivots in place. Pivot is below us, so it's acting as support. The moving averages are right on top of us, so it gives us a sideways ranging formation. Higher lows. The bounce is more likely than the fade right here. So, I would wait up here to short. Now, could you take a long here? You could. But, I don't like it as much. I would rather the wick bring us into the short or a wick bring us into the long and ultimately very interested in seeing how we deal at the 7117 area. If we lose that I suspect we revisit 7085. All right. Do I expect a breakaway formation to the north? No, I do not. If it comes could be squeeze related. Top of the frame 7180. Frankly, if it came up there, I would be looking for a topping formation that I could short. Hopefully, it wouldn't be just one solid wick like this one we had yesterday, but we'll see. Right? Ultimately, we're in a very choppy zone. What we do know is the edges are going to bring us profit space, so I would say if you're looking to take a trade, value area high begins the zone at 7170 and well below value area low for a buy. If we zoom out and we take a look at what's happening here on the 100 it's been a hot minute since we have tet Excuse me, the 200. Since we've tested that 200. It's been since April. So, I think we could of course, we're still in April. Yes, I know. April the 2nd. So, April the 1st. This is important. This looks like mean reversion to me. For somebody that would trade an hourly chart, they're going to look for longs in this area. So, I am suspecting that's what we'll do as we revert into that 200. Where is the 200 on the day? Look at how quickly we recaptured that and continued. Everything tells us that the speed is a little too quick. But, you know you never know. So, there you have it. We'll see what goes on. In the meantime deep dips are buys and notice how deep the dips can be. Size is a killer. So, if you want to try and position yourself early, make sure you're doing micros. And spikes are going to be selling opportunities as well. The put wall still at 7200. The Excuse me, the call wall is still at 7200. The put wall is now at 7000. Very interesting. That put wall has just moved up. Taking a look at the NQ what do we see? These guys look a lot better. Just a ton of tech running the show and how we need compute and da da da da da da. And the semis have moved 20%? Some gigantic number. So, probably some profit taking around the horizon. Statistical flow forensically speaking, we've got ourselves a dip coming somewhere in the first week of May. It might actually start next week. Who knows? Here we are. Let's take a look at the big picture. We're very far away from the 200. It could be a place. Notice how deeply it broke that 200 and then recaptured and then created a base around that zone for the NQ value area low 26,850. Value area high 27,045. A topping formation appears to be on the mix here. Pivot is below us acting as support. Anchored VWAP is below us acting as support. VWAP acting as support. 50 simple moving average acting as support. What are we going to have? We're going to have a choppy formation if it loses this edge. If all of these supports break it's very likely that we move down into the lower edge and retest the prior areas of front line support. Let's say that that's the prior pivot. Really, this candlestick box is what we're looking at and so the 50% range which is about where we stopped is what we want to look for as support and that's 26,660. So, that's what is um looking like a good area to buy. I would not be upset about shorting this. Here's the thing, it's going to be jagged. It's going to be jagged. The closing candlestick is way up here. Let's do that. That closing candlestick easily looks like the support floor to me. Could you short this? Absolutely. What would your stop be? You'd need at least 50 points of risk at this juncture. I say don't ever take a short close to the VWAP. It's always a pain in the neck. Wait for it to expand away from that VWAP and then come in. You're going to have a lot more opportunities doing that. Okay? So, deep dips still going to be buys. The dips can be very deep. It can break that upper 200, but with the slope of this upper 200, it's really telling you that if it dips they're going to try and buy that. Okay? So, you you want to watch for that. Let's go to Bitcoin. Our liquidity provider. Well, again, so good. Still can't get up over 80,000 or really even hold um 79,000. Topping formation. Pivot, still above. If yesterday's pivot, we just broke the 50, easily we come to the 200. Easily, 76,000. The fade there. Now, is something happening in the market right now? I have no idea, but definitely Bitcoin is doing a little liquidation and it's leaving value area high. So, this fade should easily come down. You know, here here's the big picture. What we have in Bitcoin is consolidation around prior areas of a stall out. Now, those areas don't have a ton of volume. So, that's pretty important to watch. Really important to watch, actually. The candlestick of note is still the support zone around 71,700. That's the area we could easily come in and test over the next couple of days. I wouldn't be surprised. As a matter of fact, it would be good for the chart for that to happen. That being said, if all of a sudden we get above 79,700, we've got more upside on the horizon. Right? And it will fill the gap. Course, all the Bitcoiners are hodling and want to push it forward. Lots of narratives about de-dollarizing and the like. You know, everybody's Everybody's selling their schtick, right? So, you just follow whichever one you want, ideally. So, pullbacks, buy zones, 71,000 and then above 79,500. If my voice sounds a little flat to you, it's because I slept an hour last night, and so I'm a little bit of a zombie. Plus, I haven't had any go juice, so there you have it. Oil boy, shenanigans all over. Man, oh man. But, where are we sitting? Let's look at the daily chart. Big picture, we've got this line in the sand above 91. Probably going to fire off more bullish action. And the close of this candlestick really giving us pretty good floor, 86. Still the zone to watch. Still a little noisy. Ultimately, oil's going to resolve higher, but we've got all this chop. And anytime news comes out, somebody's making a ton of money. So, what are we expecting to see? We've stayed above 97, but we have not broken the high of yesterday. Also very important. So, from a daily perspective, we are looking at 105, or so, 91 or so, and 86 or so. Put wall right down here at 85, call wall at 100. Let's take a look at the 30-minute chart. You can see we're landlocked, right? Look at how tight this action is. Biggest volume candlestick was the this 130 bonanza that gave us a bunch of news. I think a few things happened, plus, you know, a parliament Iranian parliament guy resigned, and I don't know what it is, but we're caught in the middle here. Bounded by a support floor with the pivot at 95. And coiling in here for another move, potentially above 98. So, let's clone the rectangle of volume to see what we've got. So, we are looking at a floor potentially at 93. If we don't catch fire with, you know, liquidity or or whatever that tells us we're going to run out of steam or all the way up here at a significant gamma wall of 101. That would be very interesting. So, that upward flow tells us the dips are buys. The 50 is holding trend really very nicely and breaks below any of these have given us upside pressure. Let's see where we're battling right now. Let's use a box. This is another important candlestick. And we're sitting right inside of this range. Just right inside of the range. This looks sideways to me, and so deep dips going to give us buys, but this is definitely a coil. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And so, if it's a fade, watch it down here. First shot at the buy zone, choose a micro. $92.40. If it doesn't do that, 91.50 on the daily chart to 90.50 is the next one below, but they are going to buy these dips. No doubt about it, folks. They are going to buy them. Just watch. What the story has been is let it run up and then sell the spike down in to support. So, I would be watching. I'd be watching them do that. They're trading on the side to sell, and so we want to watch that. Let's go to gold. Gold is holding 4700. Now, my thought is that this downward trend is going to continue for a short while before it turns around and starts moving up again. Where would I like to take the short? I'd love to take it at 4800, but it doesn't seem to want to give me that opportunity. Momentum cresting up a little bit, that's reversion to the mean. The pivot is 4711. The value area low, 4724, and value area high, 4776. All right? Spikes are sells, but these dips that have been savage have also been temporary buying zones. So, what do we watch? We want to see the low of 4680 hold. We want to see that area hold. If not, we head to the put wall, which is at 4660. Yeah, that's that's about what we're staring down. Again, I'd love to see a bounce up to, you know, 47 50, 4760. The 200 moving average. That's 4760-ish. I I like that. I like that zone. I don't I don't love trading in these kinds of pockets, especially when we're watching momentum really develop sharply in the other direction. I'm going to guess that it moves to the north. All right. That's what we're staring down. Remember your boxes. That's all you want to remember. And where's my box? Where did I buy? Where did it sell? Here's the line. Look, they're dancing around here right now. You could easily say, "Hey, if it punches to the north, I'm going to take a short right here." I'm going to take a short at 4724. But you want to be careful and make sure that it loses 4697. Then you're great. Because if it gets out of here, it's probably going to run to the top of that wick, which is 4740. Right? Couple of things in the way, but that's really what we're seeing. That's That's really what we're seeing. So, yes, you could sell it off. Absolutely, but risk. Risk is the question. I was zombie. Okay. Coming into the 200, look at how hard it broke. Here at this 130 candle. This news These breaks very systematic. The bounce is the systematic event. Right? So, very nice rotational motion. But came right into the floor of front line support. Where else was that? How do you watch something fall and then buy the reversal bounce? You look to the left. Hey, is my moving average up? Is my 200 moving up? Yes. It is. It's moving up. So, my dips, they're going to get bought. So, where are they going to get bought? Look to the left and pick the wick that you can see that's the lowest. And then say, "Okay, this is where everybody will wash out." If it falls below and then recaptures, I'm going to put a stop by there. So, you have very limited risk and all kinds of upshot. Today looks to me like another grinding day to the south. If I were a betting man, this is what I would say. When When would I be wrong? We would recapture yesterday's anchored VWAP. No, Thursday. Wednesday's anchored VWAP. That's the one you would come in come into. If it holds above 710, you got to move. If it doesn't, it's a fake. And so, the question is, "Yeah, that's great, Emery. What do I do?" Well, simple as it is, you can say a look below here that fades all the way to the 200 and begins to bounce, you can try the the long there. The gamma line is at 705. What you have to realize is that the market risk is dramatic. And so, it can move very sharply down and turn all the way around. Or, it can move very sharply up and move all the way around. And that's all we know. So, all we can do is manage risk. So, we wait below for price action. And you know, we wait above. Call wall 715. Put wall 700. Both the walls have risen. These guys are running right into sell zone. This is my thought. If I'm wrong, then I miss out on the big upside pressure event next. If I'm right, it continues to rotate down and our bigger picture [clears throat] of pulling back into the breakaway or pulling back into heavy congestion, that's going to be on the horizon. Right? The We're very far from the 50. Very, very far. I suspect we in the long run, we either go sideways for a long time, which I doubt, or we rotate and come back down to the 50. That's it. And that's it for me. I'll see you on the Benzinga Pro show today at 10:30 with Ryan Felton. Where Ooh, look at that fade. Look at that. Let's just peek at that. See what happened here. Probably news, but who cares? We don't care why it's moving. We care that it's moving. See this? Look at where it came down. Value area low. Just shy of this zone. Yeah, I would expect us to have grinding downside motion. This is what I would expect. Grinding downside motion. And just remember your 4:00 a.m. candlestick and whether it turns into resistance or not. That's going to be pretty interesting one to look at. That's 7146. Okay, everybody. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
