VIDEO 027: https://youtu.be/BzPCo-4qfIk

Hi everyone. Today's Thursday, April 23rd, and this is the Money Ball morning report. Charts by TrendSpider. News by Benzinga Pro. Gamma flows by Mentour Q. And data analytics by the amazing tradewave.ai. Okay. What do we got going on? I know my my front pages have been sort of in the grind and the blah blah blah, but that's exactly what we're having. Take a look at the daily chart. Now, there is a breakout coming. But it's very likely to be a failed breakout based on the speed of this movement. Now, when markets are behaving like markets, they look like this. And then they liquidate. And then they build. And then they move like this. And then they distribute to the north or liquidate to the south if I'm using the right lingo there. But at the end of the day, we're seeing what we're supposed to be seeing. Very big motion and now consolidation. Consolidation happens. Normally, this V-bounce action. This is new environment V-bounce action. And by new, I mean the last 10 years we've seen a lot more V-bounces than we we normally have. So, let's go to the 30-minute of the E-mini S&amp;P. Call wall 7200. The big put wall 7000. All right. We are inside of value and inside of range. So, what's that tell us? Potential chop. Momentum down. 200 moving up. Potential chop. 50 flat. Potential chop. Holding inside of yesterday's Globex candle thereabouts. Potential chop. Everything is telling us we've got potential chop. What are the most important candles? Well, here we go. This candlestick here, the highest volume candlestick. I'm going to draw a box around it. Rut-roh. I don't have the top of it there. Okay. Let's do that. That candlestick is very large. So, we're going to draw the fib that we had on it yesterday. We're going to have a look. Notice, whatever this news was, boom, liquidated everybody. And then they turned around and bought it all back. Now, remember, what is the most important technical indicator on your chart? Data analytics. 10,000s of thousands of runs that we've done at tradewave.ai, it's the 200 simple moving average. No ifs, ands, or buts. No close second. It's trending up and you break it, you look for support, watch the support hold, begin to bounce, you know it's going to recapture that 200. It recaptured it, lost the pivot, which happens to be 7152, and faded right back down. Broke it again. Where did it come into? This line, 7125, is the Globex of the prior day. Always look to the left, folks. You know the important candles. The Globex candle, the 9:30 candle, the 3:30 candle. Yes, there are a bunch of other candles in there for those of us that do intraday trading, but the goal is to give you the big picture of what is happening. Notice the closing candle yesterday. See it right here? Strong candle. Lots of volume. More volume than 9:30 open. That should tell you something. 9:30 lower than the 3:30 and more volume on the 3:30. Dips are buys. Now, here's the rub. The dips could be quite deep today simply because we are in this sideways flow and we may very well come into the gamma line. So, what do we want to do? We want to wait for the bounce into the last 30-minute trading of the trading day, prior day, and we position a short there. Now, some of you are not going to have patience for that. Some of you are going to go, "I want to take a long." And the market's going to turn around and go down. Some of you are going to go, "I want to take a short." And you're going to have 40 points being underwater or whatever. Right? Just wait for it. Set the alert out or set the trigger out and be about your business. If it triggers, great. If it doesn't, onto the next day. But this, my friends, is classic noise. And if it bounces up and our 9:30 opens up around here, it's going to be another mosh pit of a trading day, which I suspect, in all honesty. Let's go to the NQ. This one is performing a little bit better. Hit the days. We're going to see, let's get rid of all the lines so we can go brand new. We can see that we had 3 days of a sideways pocket. We broke out. A lot of people are thinking the semis are running because of the mythos anthropic um news about the speed of the chip need and the size and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. So, this is what's going on in general, my friends. What we are still looking at is a move that's very steep. And we are very far from our 50. And far from our 200. Now, we spend a lot of time being far from the 200. And sometimes we spend a lot of times being far from the 50. But they will revert. So, let's take a look. Very big candlestick. Largest candlestick of prior days. Um yeah, is that it? Which one is it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. This large candlestick. Not nearly as important in the NQ as the ES unless you're building Fibonacci. And so, here's our Fibonacci. Right? Right up on the edge, our uh our pivot looking right there. You know, we don't need this fib cuz we've got our pivots and our gamma flows. So, let's do the call walls and the put walls. 27,400. Um that's the big That's a big gamma line outside of space. But the call wall 24,150. The put wall 25,000. Bananas. Yeah, they've built downside protection. You can see that. Okay, let's look at it. What is trend? Up. What is momentum? Down. So, if trend is up and momentum is down, traders are trying to find support. Looks like they have found support. Momentum is still divergent. Gives us very sideways pressure. Let's take a look at the 9:30 candle of yesterday. Here we go. High 26,000. Let's say 900. Low 26,811. So, now this is the range that we are looking at as the floor of support. If it loses this, we have a little bit of trouble. But in the grand scheme of things, the support floor that gives us a pretty nice trade is down here at 26,800 to 26,790. The 200 is moving up nicely. The 50 is moving up nicely. If it breaks the 200 and you're looking for a long, step aside. Look to the left. And wait for the floor to be established. Then you can take your trade. Okay? I don't know what this news was. Whatever it was, it came down, did not break the 9:30 low. Bounced right back up. Upward sloping 50. Upward sloping 200. Came right back down and tested it. Look at the high. 9:30 candle. Okay? Our Globex event, which was important in the ES, is going to be important in the NQ for the resistance bounce. Our 3:30 close, 3:30 Eastern time close, holds our Globex box, our Globex candle. So, all the way up to 27,100, we could see today again. Which would bring us into a little bit of a short, not as strong as the ES. This is very bullish in general. Dips are buys. If we see a big long wick, look to the left. We're outside of value, but inside of general range and building a formation. We're still inside of yesterday's range. We're still inside of yesterday's range with all of this motion. Still inside the range, so wait for the edges, just like Hook says. Wait for the edges to make a decision. All right, where could we move to the upside? 27,150 27,255 to the downside 27,000 575 27,550 27,500. I don't see that today. But you never know. You never know. Deep dips going to be very, very important to pick up, but they might not be that deep. The NQ and the ES are very divergent. Money flows. As you know, Bitcoin is the place to see where liquidity is on the rise. It's broken out several times. It's broken out of the 76,000 area. Super important. It moved from 75,000 to 76,000 as most important. Now, we are really trying to get up and over 78,000. A lot of Bitcoiners banging their drums going, "It's time. It's the rally cry." And it could be. Low volume node right here at 79,690. Call wall 81,000. Could we go up there, fill the gap, and then break again? Yes. Does it look like momentum is building? It does. However, as with everything that's showing heavy momentum, it is the speed at which we are moving that we want to be careful about. Hence, a blow-off top that gives us a fake. This is what I am thinking. So, now it could certainly rise over the long haul into the future, but you don't need to be holding it for a hot minute. All right? So, my thought is if you're trying to buy some Bitcoin to hold it for later See, I said the word hold it. I could do it. I'm not no lady. Yeah, you are. Okay. So, moving on. 65,000 would be fantastic if we came back and pulled into that area. Not sure if we can do it. I'm suspect here. Intraday trading, we could probably get some things done. If you look at the 30 minute, where's our big volume candle? I've read a very interesting article about Jane Street. Got a bunch of guys over there that just love gaming the system. They're going to get put out of business. You can't game it so overtly that everyone sees what you're doing. You got to game it on the sneak. And Jane Street are very greedy people. Very, very greedy. Look at this 4:00 p.m. candle. Very interesting. All right, friends. We are battling the 1:00 a.m. low of yesterday. Notice that big 8:00 flush that everybody had, it came into that 1:00 a.m. high volume candle. That's why you look at volume. Listen, I am a volume convert. I never used to look at volume. Data all the data say, "You better look at volume. You better look at it." So, here we go. What's trend here? It's down. What is the slope of the moving averages? Up to flat. We just lost the pivot. We're still dancing around this area. Bounces are likely to be sell zones. So, I am suspecting that as long as we do not breach Mhm. This one's sticky. As long as we do not breach 79,000, this is a short. We can come all the way up to it. That would make a great short, frankly, if it came up there because your stop would be very cheap, maybe a thousand dollars wide. And you know in micro Bitcoin, that's that's not a lot. Beautiful. Right? Not even that. It's like $300 wide. So, that would be absolutely outstanding if it did that. And then we rotate back down to our 76 thousand and then that gives us another long. So, that's my take on Bitcoin. We got to wait for the edges. Oil. Well, apparently the straits closed again. Okay. So, you know, here here's the thing. Come rain or shine, everybody who has a job has to look out the window and go, "I guess I got to go out there. I better put on a jacket." You don't sit around and go, &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; "What's going to happen?" No. You have an organization, an institution, a company, whatever. You're planning. You're saying, "Okay, let's let's see. If this happens, this happens. If that happens, this happens." If you don't plan, you run the existential risk of not even having a business anymore. Hence, there's a lot of big planning. Right? So, what are we staring down with the oil? Giant mosh pit. I still think it comes in and lollygags around 85 here. It might come into 80 and fill in the gap. But in grand fashion, I think this is where this this thing sits. Right now, there's a lot of speculation in oil. Speed of motion is where you can see the retracement action and the actual volatility of oil has remarkably expanded. The biggest volume candle is this one right here on March the 10th. And we came in. We lost about half the size of that candle, looks like. Let's do a Fibonacci. Right? Little more than half. And then recovered it on the same day. So now, we're headed here. Probably back up to the 100 mark. This is my suspicion. However, these big wicks up here tell us that sellers are waiting upside. Could this be building the infamous head and shoulders pattern? Sure. I don't trade those. But yeah, sure. And if it does, let's measure the neckline. 81 84 to 120. What is that? 40 Let's just say it's 40 bucks. Right? That sends us back to $44. If it's a measured move. Now, I don't think it's a measured move, but somebody could say, "Well, that one isn't, but this one might be right here." And that move is 97 to 117. So, 20 bucks. 97 77 almost straight there. So, 76 77 would be the measured move off of this tiny little head and shoulders pattern. Right? But see, there's so much interpretation here. How how can you do that? Just look at the lines. I mean, too too much interpretation, you know. That's That's why we got 5,200 different versions of the Bible. Too many people trying to say what they think the Bible is saying. All right. So, momentum down trend up. That means they're hunting for some sort of support and I still believe it is right around this area. Let's go to the 30 minute. Golly, have I been talking a long time? Feels like it. Okay. Good night. Look at the volume. This is more than during the normal trading day. Good night. Okay. But something dreadful must have happened. Somebody fired on something. I have news fatigue. Literally, I do. I'm scanning and of course, you know, I can't do anything. So, I'm doing is praying, which is all I can do. So, here we are sitting in this space and if we do Fibonacci, you can we can see that we've lost half of it already. We just failed it there. Let me reverse this one. Properties. Reverse. So, we can see what goes on in the bottom. That's a pivot, the test of 91. And then 90 and then the 200 where we've got a big pocket of noise and the gamma line, which is around 89. All right. So, what are we staring down? This side wave pressure. I mean, we're on top of the VWAP, but this is very noisy. It's very noisy pocket. The next important line in oil is going to be the highest volume candle there. And then of course, you know, it means we're dancing around these guys. So, everybody is reversing it we're everybody's agreed. Hey, let's go revisit the old levels. So, probably going to break trend. Probably going to break this trend line here and head down into this patch where all the lines have been drawn. Do I want to take a long or a short? I don't think I'm going to touch oil today. Right? I I I don't It's Yeah, this one no clean measures. Now, if it comes all the way down here into 89, you betcha I'm going to buy some. Otherwise, no cigar. All right. Gold had a nice bounce off of my 4685 number. Really pretty. Just so happy about that. And it's continuing its fate. I already told you why. They are selling their debt for dollars. Other sovereign nations, they're selling their debt for dollars. So, dollars are getting tight. When dollars get tight, the dollar moves up. When the dollar moves up, gold moves down. Now, it's not an exact correlation because on top of that these folks who are selling their sovereign uh currency for US currency, they're also selling their gold to pay their bills because things are getting very bad on the eastern side of the world. It is not pretty, especially the third world side of the world. So, yes, they're going to liquidate some of their gold because they have to. Now, when things get right and things get better, they're going to start buying again. But right now, we're between the 50 and the 200. We know what's going on systemically. And so, our bounces are still going to be sell zones. put wall is 4670. No, 40 Yeah, 4670 4620. Probably the next line. I would not [clears throat] be surprised if we get back into value area and hit the 200. Just going to grind on in there and see what's happening. Okay, let's take a look at our 30-minute. What's the trend? What's the 200? It's down. So, trend is down. What's the 50? It's down. What's the VWOAP? It's down. All of these things are telling us we have downside pressure. Let's draw Fibonacci off the largest candlestick that we can see over prior days. We can see them trying to dance through this line at 4715 trying to hold it. Now, you know, I don't like to sell the lows of anything or buy the highs of anything. So, I would love to see a big fat bounce into 4740 or so and then I'll consider a short. This is my thought. If it moves up through 4740 and it doesn't come back down we've got the pivot. We've got uh That is Oh, we're in negative gamma here. Okay, so we have the gamma line, we have the anchored VWOAP, that's 4767, and then all the way up here at the 200. It could bounce. It could be a beautiful long into the 200 and then another short. So, definitely most definitely the trade is in either direction. I'm going to try it here first. If it stops me out I'm going to let it stop me out quickly. Three, four points. If that happens I'm going to wait for it to resolve. If it loses the edge, I'm in good shape for more shorting or if it holds the edge I'm going to try and hold it until it gets to the 200. Right now, they're on the bounce. Notice that's this ledge here off of the 50% 1.5 area of the very large volume zone. So, this is what we're staring down. The bounce action into 4740. Let's take a look at spy. Now, she spends 300 years talking about the charts. Good heavens. All right. Here we go. Same story, different channel. Sideways motion bullish pressure from 4:00 a.m. Caught in the range of the very long day. Gamma flow is positive. 702 is the base. I would not be surprised to have a little rush down shake the trees. Everybody flipping out and then they turn around and drive it right back up. Put wall 700. We're sitting right on the call wall at 710. How to trade the spy? Well, dips are buys. Could the dips be deeper? Yes. What's the highest volume candlestick to watch? That would be the one two days ago. Right? If I hide my pivots we can easily see this formation. So, we're trying to battle it. Now, a lot of times people can see these and they go, "Oh, yes, it's broken. I'm going short." Or they go, "Oh, yes, it's it's holding. I'm going long." And what they fail to take into consideration is that resolution around price action takes a long time. What are you waiting for? You're waiting for them to decide what to do. And then here comes a news bomb. And flush everybody out and then you're too timid to go back in or you've blown your account. Whichever. Right? It takes time. If you're trading around this here please remember easily things can come in that can shake the trees. Keep your stop steady. Keep it tight. You get stopped out. You can try again. Just cuz something's broken doesn't mean it won't be retraced. Take a look at trend and momentum to tell you what it is that you need to do. Okay? All right. Should be fill the gap here. Yes, anchored VWOAP from the close 710. Pullbacks are buy zones. I would love to see another test of 704. Actually, I'd love to see a test of 702. And that would make for a nice long. This is in mean reversion. So, it's very likely going to pull into this. It's got nothing to do with monster action. Listen, we could have some news, it could come in and just throw everything to the wolves. Doesn't matter. You're following the trend. If the trend is up and news comes and breaks it you get out and wait for them to find the dip. The market is naturally long. It's not naturally short. So, they're going to find places to buy. Okay? All right, that's it for me. I'll see you on the streams. Take care, everybody.
