VIDEO 028: https://youtu.be/a0j--fQt3tY

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, April the 22nd. My name is Emery band and this is the Money Ball morning report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentler Q, data analytics by Trade Wave and news by Benzinga Pro. We're taking a look at the E-mini S&amp;P this morning. It's a very uh interesting um We had a very interesting day yesterday. So, in the grand scheme of things, we're right on schedule. I said we're going to have chop and the dips are going to be bought. So, you might go, "Wow, Emery, that is kind of hard based on what yesterday was doing." Big wicks, very ugly price pattern. We still held the 200. Institutional uh MOC same sort of thing. They bought in at that 200. They bought in at the gamma flip line which turns things from gamma positive to gamma negative. That's important. They did everything that they were supposed to do, but it was a very choppy ride. Now, some of us did very well. Some of us did poorly because the ride was choppy. But, the big framework is the following. Institutional uh participation is heavy. And so, what we are seeing is the dip buying formations because they are looking towards resolution as opposed to something else. Now, they're not so much firing at each other in sort of spaces. They're I don't know. Capturing each other's vessels or whatever. I I don't know. This is a giant chess game of all kinds of things going on. So, after the third day of sideways action, well, really, one massive day upside and then two days of sitting inside of the range and volume of the primary formations here, what are we looking at? We're looking at our Globex open candle being the low candle of the day. And we're looking at our 4:00 a.m. candle holding its low is above the high of the Globex opening candle. This tells me that dips are buys one more time. The CTAs are going to be buying the dips. They really really are and it's thrown people off. It really is. It's thrown people off. And here's the thing, it's not so much about, "Well, that was a bearish candle or this was a bullish candle." It's the noise all the way down into support. So, remember we're sitting in a very noisy patch. Super important, okay? Let's go through some levels. Put wall 7200. Excuse me, that's the call wall. Sorry. Call wall 7200. Put wall something like that. It looks a little bit over 7000 to be honest. Maybe 7020. These are just ranges. I was doing a show the other day, somebody said "Yeah, you know, anything except option flow is speculation." Well, I got news for you. Option flow is speculation. So, there you have it. Everything is speculation. Gamma walls that's the important edge. We stay in gamma positive. Where is the pivot? It's underneath us. It's holding as support. The anchored V up also underneath us holding as support. We are inside the value area high low of this region. That number is the low is 7114. The high is 7156. Dips are buys. How far could the dips be? Listen, we could hit that gamma flow again. Look at the size of the closing candle. It's insane. We're sitting inside the closing candle. We just broke above it. And that's bullish. So, pullbacks buy zones, particularly the 200, straight up momentum, straight up lines in the sand. You know, if we lose value area low, you probably want to step out of the way if you're thinking about just flat out buying. I wouldn't be buying until it's down here. I like this area for the buy at 70 Whoops, that's a whole Fibonacci. Look at that. Even that Fibonacci works. My goodness. Let's try another. Fibonacci in play. I would not be surprised to see us at the gamma wall again. That's 7096. We had several thousand lots go off around that area. 7085, 7086. Big numbers on the buy. Big ones. That's bullish. Okay? That's bullish. So, there we have it. Upside pressure 7170. Maybe 7180. Could we go all the way to the call wall 7200? Yes. Do I think we go all the way to call wall? No. Do I think we head back down to the gamma flip area and bounce? Yes. So, that's what I'm going to be looking for. It's a mixed bag. This very messy. If you were extremely deliberate, you'd find a nice trade. Otherwise, it was going to give you the business. As my grandmother would say. Right? The one to one of this candlestick gives us the high of around 90. Wow. That took a lot of talking. Let's go through quickly here. Wow, we are still inside of this 1:00 p.m. candlestick from the biggest day we had to close the week. Right? So, today is Wednesday. Um if we don't break the lows today, we would have had the lows for the week, statistically speaking. I know that's sort of weird, but it happens to work out. Not sure why. So, these guys fill the gap nicely. The NQ looks really good. Upward flow, bounced off the 200, same sort of thing, same box. This is the area we're looking at. 26,700 and 70. Right? That's been holding as support. Globex candle lower than the 4:00 a.m. candle. And so, if the 9:00 a.m. candle bounces out, we've got ourselves a rally here. It's not a lockout rally of last week, but it's certainly a rally. Right? And so, dips are buys. The 200 is all the way down here at value area low. That's 26,680. Where is the pivot? And the anchored V up both acting as support. That's 26,722. My thought is if you're only looking for bullish flow, wait for the big dip. If you're thinking about bearish flow, be very careful. You're going to get your face ripped off. And just use flow. A lot of people are complaining about news. The news did not catch anybody that was trading with this mechanic. It did not catch them off sides in a way that really hurt their account. Why? Because it doesn't matter what the news is saying. It's where price action ends up flowing. It's It's such an interesting game. But, at the end of the day, we're in consolidation after a massive week. I would not be surprised to see us come back in and test the zero DTE put wall. So, let Oh, wow, that's the That's the real put wall. Sorry. So, what do we have? We have the call wall at 26 26,900. Should be 27,000, really. But, it looks like 26,900. Um the put wall is 26 Sorry, my eyes are not working today. 26,600. Uh the walls are doing a fairly good job of telling us what's going on. But, really, you just have to think about how big money's positioning. All of them have gone long way down here. They know it's a period of consolidation and digestion and that they cannot buy it unless it breaks out. So, that's what they're waiting for, the break. If the break doesn't come, we've got another storyboard. If the break does come, it's do not try and and short this top because it is going to run madly. We're seeing big order flow come in at the end of the day. Okay? Where is the pivot? 26,726. Above it, buyers. Below it, sellers. But again, that's a little simplistic. Everything's about trend. It'll sell down into support. It'll buy back up into the into the formation. Output flow Vwap grade holding a support 50 holding a support 200 trending up momentum trending up dips arise. Wow, lucky lucky. All right. Speaking of something else that is desperately trying to be bought, this one did a fantastic storyboard of moving to the north. Take a look at the flow from a regular overnight session. Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. And the flow of last night's overnight session. That's big, folks. That That's really big. So, dips arise obviously because this is double top. I would not buy this top. However, the longer it sits above this line at 78,000, the more likely it is it breaches. That's just important. The The zero DTE put wall is 70 78,000. The big put wall is down here at 72,000. The call wall of it 81,000. Um This is also very interesting. What do I want to say about this? Um I want to say that that's a lot of volume. 1:00 a.m. candle That's a little bit past Asia close. Globex candle big. Uh excuse me, lower than all the other candles of import. That looks like a breakaway. Here's the thing. Look at how far it is away from the 50. I think there're going to be enough people shorting this area to bring it back into flows that make sense. And where is that? Value area high. 76,000 Excuse me. Yeah, 76,100. 76,000 Excuse me. 76,000 600. That seems like the better bet. The pivot is well below it. 75,000 that's super important. Look at these pivot flows. I wouldn't I would not be mad at a fade, but I don't want to short it. I do not want to short it. So, if you do short it, you want to be careful. Right? It's up near areas that are very shortable. But you do want to be careful. It's It's That's That's interesting. I don't know what else to say about that. If it pulls down into the deep edge near 75,500, 75,000, it's going to give you another buy. Here's oil. Same thing. Everybody's in consolidation. Great big moves last week and now sitting tight. Frames sideways. Is this looking bullish to me? Well, I got to tell you, if I saw a stock doing this, looks like an inverted head and shoulders pattern. So, I would not be disinclined to buy. But my style is to wait for the dip and let it come to me. If it comes to me cheap, I'm going to get it. If not, I'm going to wait for something else that's cheap to come and get me. Where are we in relation to the pivot? Well, we're above it. We're also above the anchored Vwap. We're above the gamma wall between uh positive gamma and negative gamma, but take a look at the behavior in the overnight. Where are we sitting right now? Right in the middle of the Globex candle. Right in the middle of it. Here's our 3:30 oil candle. Take a look at this thing. I mean, wow. No shadow underneath. None. And then it bounces. We break, test that 50, and now we're here on top of the 200 for the second time. Um on a on a retest below. So, this is the flow. The high 92 and some change. 9220. If it gets above there, wait for a look above and go means it looks above, pulls back, gives us a higher low, and it rotates, and then if it's comes below, you know the same thing. Right? This box. Just clone this box, and we'll see where it goes. Back down to 84. Could be. 50% line certainly appears to be where they're working with this box right now for the uh closing candlestick on the day. Just bananas that closing action. I knew it would be, but wow, it was insane. Absolutely insane. If you did not have your eyes on the big picture, you got smoked. You absolutely got smoked. So, there we have it. Big picture. Dips arise here. Be careful though because it could still be sideways. If you want to take a short, support ledge 87 8677. Put wall is at 87. So is the gamma flip. Where is the call wall? Whoa. Look at where the call wall is. 100 and two. That is crazy. Who knew? Well, option traders are definitely thinking that way that there's more upside in oil. I'm not disinclined to agree, truly. I don't know why I say that. That's such double language right there. I agree with Okay. So, now we have gold. Gold came right into our target. 4686. Absolute textbook rotation and then the bounce all the way back up. Okay, here's the story. What next? I think oil uh gold continues to fade. Now, where will I be wrong? I'm going to be wrong if it breaches the heavy congestion zone, the value area high, and stays there. And so that number is 4850. Okay? I took a short in one of my other accounts here and held on to it painfully and then finally covered today. So, that was I was not happy about that, but in the smaller accounts, you know, you can't hang on to these things overnight. Um so, I did get stopped out on a long yesterday. Had a short yesterday here. Went really well. The question is, what's next? I think the bounce into the pivot of yesterday around mm 4800 should give me a short. And then the pivot Today's pivot is 4760. We sit above it. We're above the Globex candle and then above the 4:00 a.m. candle. Uh everything here looks bullish. And so, bullish into our 4817 uh 4850 potentially. Then we should stall out. Have ourselves another run to the downside. Um Yeah, that's That's That's it. It's very sideways though. So, I'm not taking a position until I see what it does up here because I like having trades I don't really have to worry about. And that up here level is 4800. Oh, for the love of Pete, I just remembered something I was supposed to do. Dang on it. All right, forget about it. So, here we are. Look at this monstrosity of pricing. Let's remove all the annotations here. Okay. So, here we've got our pivots. We can see they're sideways, right? If you look at the anchors, you can see this whole area here sideways. But look at how far above value area high we're sitting in the spy right now. It's very high. Value area high 702 and some change. The 200 upside. Dips are buys. Right? The dips probably could be pretty big. Yesterday's dip had everybody thinking, "Oh no, this is terrible." But really we have to see what they've been doing over here. Because remember it's gamesmanship. It's can you shake somebody out and then move in the direction the market is really going. And so far that direction it's really going is up. And so what we have to stare down is our location. We're building a new volume node up here above 706. Today's pivot is 706 exactly. We are under the 50, holding the VWAP, and above the 200. I believe we dribble down and have a mean reversion trade. Fill in this blank. What does that make me do? I'm I'm inclined to short the highs. I am. Um the gamma wall is at 703. Can you guys tell that I did not sleep well? Yeah. The gamma wall is at 703, high 7 12 and some change. Big picture is down here. I would not I would not be mad at a short here. But I'm much more inclined to just wait for the dip and buy with the CTAs. Or holding the price action up. So, what is the big thing to look at? Relative to yesterday's close and let me shut these pivots off for just us to quick sec. All right. If we take a look at this to have a gander at the 30-minute candle closing. See, we just got above it, but the 50 is there. This looks like a buying formation right now. So, although I want to short it, I cannot. Why? Cuz I'm now at the top of the massive volume box. And if I'm at the top of that massive volume box and my pre-market has been trending to the upside, it's going to be a buy. And that's going to send us up into 712 and some change. So, I'm looking for the dip that hits the gamma wall, dribbles around, and then gives me the opportunity to go long. So, I will go long into resistance. I will not go long and hold. Long into resistance, short into support, and then turn back around. Momentum is flat but beginning to trend up. All right, folks. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
