VIDEO 029: https://youtu.be/3OE0FCTD-zQ

Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, April the 22nd, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report charged by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q, news analysis by Benzinga Pro, and data analytics from tradewave.ai. Well, that's all my advertising, and we're done. Yesterday, I said, "Hey, listen. We wanted to look at a couple of things. How we began the day and how we ended the day." Same sort of thing. How did we begin the day? Yesterday, quietly at our 9:30 candlestick, but notice, Globex is lower than 4:00 a.m. is lower than 9:30. And so, that tells us dips are buys. Same sort of situation today. We have our Globex and our 4:00 a.m., which we just went through. And although these candlesticks are very small, they're compact, right? Which tells its own story. Everybody is This is really uh good motion here. All right? This is This is fairly good motion. You want things to write up, come back, hold the floor, write up a little, come back, hold the higher floor, write up a little, come back, hold the higher floor. That's what you really want. So, as I mentioned early in the week, CTAs are planning on grinding forward into this week. No big heavy positioning, but what the day does tell us is that we probably have another upside day. So, I see all these things on Twitter. People are saying, "Oh, this week, do you think we'll see another percent move up, or do you see a crash, or whatever?" And lots of people are going, "It's got to crash." No, no, it doesn't. It really doesn't. And if it's building a floor like this, and it breaks to the north, the CTAs who still have more to unwind are going to continue. So, statistically, we've got upshots for a couple more days, and then we should see a a nice fade that comes in on a bigger time frame and rotates out. All right, big story. That's the truth for all of the indices. What do we want to look at in terms of upside rotation? Big candlestick, this 1:00 p.m. candle, which I do look at occasionally, but not with great vigor, is the candlestick that we are in the midst of right now. We are past the 50-minute range. Excuse me, the 50% range. We just broke above it. Pullbacks, buy zones. Pivot below us, that number is 7132, 7132. The 50 simple moving average is sloping up. Notice, I never tell you what that simple moving average is. Why? Cuz I don't really buy the simple moving average. I just want to see the slope of that average to tell me, "Okay, here's where you look for support." See how it's coming into that halfway spot, they're dropping off the edge. Very likely that we pull into the bottom of the box. That's also the anchored VWAP from 2 days ago. That number is 7150, at which point we start building again. I do expect the day to grind, but to grind north. So, think about that when you are looking at price. Now, where's this going to fall apart? Couple of places. One, we get to the bottom here at 7151. That's sort of my no-go area for longs. And if it loses that edge, which also happens to be right at the low of the Globex candle. There's a bit of a marubozu. It does have a little wick, but not not much. It moves all the way up there. And so, that's 7150. That's going to be that line in the sand. If we lose it and fail to recover, that means we look below. We bounce, but we cannot get back up over 7155 and stay there, the market will rotate down first into the anchored VWAP. That's 7140 or so, then into the pivot at 7132, then into value area low, 7125, and so on. Chances are that's not going to happen, but the rotation suggests that the loss of this framework is going to be uh what we need to stare down. Okay, let's go to the NQ. Get some numbers. Oh, yes. Can you tell I'm traveling? It's taking forever. There we go. Perfect. NQ doing a lot better, actually. Tech, I started reading the 13 Fs yesterday. They're not going to be done until May the 15th or so. Actually, May the 15th is a deadline. So, I'll need a couple of days after that to get it together. But what they are showing is a rotation back into tech. Um Very interesting. Very, very interesting. They They expect a tremendous amount of upshot, which is interesting, to say the least. Okay, here is the 1:00 p.m. candlestick from Friday. We're sitting inside of it. As a matter of fact, we're almost to the top of it. Let's take a look at how the day began. Here is our 1800 candle. Here is our 400 candle. And so, what do we see? 1800 lower than the 400 candle, and so we've got upshot. Especially since, look at the volume. Opening volume and closing volume, pretty important. Now, the closing volume was inside of the opening range formation, but it was in recovery. We're going to see the same sort of thing. Grinding motion. Expect the dip. Expect it. And realize that they are positioned to buy off that dip. 50 upside, 200 upside, but wait for the consolidation events of prior motion to jump in and go long. Don't chase it. This is a grinding motion up. CTAs, commodity technical advisors, are not going to aggressively add to their position until we have a breakout confirmation. Okay? Or at least this is what This is what is being told to us. So, we shall see. Very sideways, nice pullback, value area low, good shot. 26,650, 26,600. Somewhere around there. The pivot is sitting on top of the anchored VWAP, 26,700. Anywhere down in here is a great place to buy. You might go, "Why can't I sell?" You can. Just make sure that you're far away from the 50 and as far away from the VWAP as you can be, so that you can at least have a mean reversion event down into these. See how the spike out? Mean reversion. Break down, mean reversion. So, let it break away from that VWAP significantly if you want to take a long. All right? Upper edges, 26,880, 890, and then 27,000, and we have a gamma wall up here at 27,075. The put wall is sitting at 27,500. 550. Right? 550, 560, somewhere around there. 560. And so, this would make an ideal space for a very deep buy, but it looks really good. People are going to get lulled into this long. They're going to get lulled into it, and then the break of the rotation is going to come on a higher cycle to pull traders back in. I know, it's just the way they do it. Just the way they do it. All right, let's look at micro Bitcoin. It's trying to recover. It is now in this box that I drew from the last recording, and that is Friday's 9:30 candlestick. Looks like it failed right about the 50% mark. Let's move this up so you can see it. Yeah. So, if we look to the 50 Let's use this Fibonacci, right? If we look to the 50% rotation, it really does look like it's right around the prior day's pivot, which is 77,000 even. Okay? Now, what's trend? Up. Trend is up. They're trying to fill the gap. That's going to be the next thing on the horizon for the Bitcoin traders and that gap fill is going to be right around the second resistance of 77,440. So, that's the upside. Dips are buys. The pivot 75,005 75,600 thereabouts. That's the pivot. The anchored Vwap 75,194. We've got a 200 and a 50 sitting together right here. Both of them upside. Well, mint some. Not very good. But, that just means hey, you just wait for those dips. Wait for the dips. They're coming. Don't buy the big breakouts. This chart is not going to run away from you. It is not. It's going to give you time to get back in. Ideally, it would be very nice if it came back into about 74,700, but it might not. Use heavy congestion like the prior days pivot or this Fibonacci line at 75,600 or thereabouts. Upward flow top of the box. You know, we expect them to try to fill this gap. Dips are buys and so we look for the pullback to give us buy signals. Where's the bottom of the range? 74,000 and the top of the range 78,000. I don't really know if it's going to get there today, but we'll see. Okay. Oil. Oil continues to lollygag. One of my favorite southern words. Let's take a look at trend. Trend down. Momentum down to flat. Sideways on the Vwap. So, what do you think? Sideways on the Vwap. They're trying to hold the frame. You know, I think that frame is around 80 40 85. But, never mind what I think. Let's see what the chart's telling us. Pivot above us, anchored Vwap above us. So, bounces are sells. You might go, yes, but geopolitically you can't trade oil without news. You can if you're careful. If you just watch the big flow. Now, does it mean that you won't get stopped out sometimes because of a wick? Of course. But, manage your risk. Don't leave it wide. Manage your risk. Leave it the normal thing that this would ask. Leave it there and trade accordingly. Don't don't get freaked out. Truly. What they do over here looks like about the halfway point of this breakdown of the opening candle for Monday night. So, that also yeah, also happens to be the low of the Globex. Notice we have the Globex low and then the 4:00 a.m. low just barely bullish. Right? The low of the 4:00 a.m. is the close of the 1800 or uh 6:00 p.m. formation. So, could it get back up to the pivot of 8862? Absolutely. Any kind of news event, that's what I would do to position for nice short. This is very noisy. Let them work out the details first and then you can play. Okay? Right now the candle running the show is still the Globex candle from yesterday's trading. So, day before yesterday, Sunday night. So far high's 8782 and a bounce into 90 most certainly will bring in the next group of sellers. Oil is stabilizing for now. Market forces are trying to uh physical constraints or financial constraints on these commodities, but eventually it's going to get away from them. More about that later. We'll worry about that later. Let's take a look at gold. Gold pretty sideways as you mentioned I mean as I mentioned this bounce uh it surprised me a little bit. Um I expect a fade uh because I think um I believe that people are worried about the currencies and they're cashing in some gold for dollars, but they're also cashing in some gold to pay bills. This is why I think gold is coming in. A big not not institutions, countries. Sovereign holdings, which is why I suspect gold is going to have itself a little bit of a fade. So, this morning it's totally disconnected from the broad markets moving down. The dollar's moving up again because people are taking currencies to the market and swapping them out for dollars. People are taking gold to the market and swapping them out to pay bills. And these two things are happening convergently and so we are seeing the rise of the dollar and the fade in gold. Now, this is my supposition which was why yesterday was a little weird. Now, here we go. Big formation. They bounced into resistance and then headed lower. So, this is what we've got. 4800 the floor. It's also very close to value area low. Moving averages flat. So, if per happenstance we bounce the next nice short should be 4851. Assuming that it might not get there we're looking at 4830. But, because gold threw me off yesterday on this see uh institutional positioning is short. The everybody knows this is happening. It's very interesting once you start listening to the right people what's actually going on. It's a it's very interesting, but we're also seeing movement into emerging markets. I don't know why. I'm seeing that in the 13 Fs. So, I'm going to be digging around especially since those emerging markets are exchanging gold to uh pay bills or exchanging gold or or exchanging their currency to buy dollars. I don't know. We'll see how the auctions do this week. We'll see how the um the notes do this week. Anyway, sorry for that digression. Low edge 4773 all the way to 4750. If it were me trading this, I would wait for a topping formation that gives me a a clue. Now, remember gold is in a pretty good structural formation that gives it downside pressure. This candle stick is running the show. So, I'm going to clone this one way up here and bring it down to see where we at. Whoa, look at that. One to one. So, man. These formations I it sometimes it boggles my mind that these boxes work as well as they do. I mean to the tick. Come on. What is that? So, here we are. This is our motion. All the way down. So, we've had one and then one and then now if it bounces maybe it doesn't get all the way to 4850. Maybe it gets somewhere here. But, you have to let it tell you the way before you take the trade and use this sideways formation on the bigger time frames. That's going to give you the go no go. Right now, it's in a they're trying to hold the bounce. So, that's what we're staring down. Pivot lower gamma wall 4773 and then 4719 to 4730. All right, let's finally look at spy. Beautiful trend. Look at that. I mean just hugging things. Notice the interesting flattening of this 50. While price action is moving up I wonder if that is an anomaly. All right, nevertheless, let's just use the Vwap. We filled the gap completely and now the traders are trying to sell the top of that. That's 710 dollars. The big candle that we looked at was this one here. The closing candle right here is the pullback. Dips are clearly buys in this formation. Very clearly buys. Now, could the dip be deep? Yes. I I think this is a misdrawing. That nothing about this data tells me this should be flat. And so this is not the proper drawing. Let's go to an hourly. There we go. Let's go back to the 30 and see if it retraces itself. Nope. Yeah, something's wrong with that. See if prices continue to go up, there's no way a moving average flattens because the moving average moves with the price of the data. So, don't get your eyeballs all Oh, but that's flat. The data have to show you that it's flat, okay? Anyways, so here we are. We're going to ignore the slope of this 50 because it's just not it's just not true. And here we have our gap up and holding. So, dips are buys. And the dip would very likely be the 4:00 a.m. candle. So, my thought for spy is if it holds 709, it's going to move up. We have four more days of this. Three more days, thereabouts, and I'll see how it goes. Maybe it does continue to the upside, but it's moving very fast, and so ideally, what we need to do is consolidate, which would bring us back down into this area, 708. And then maybe this pivot at 706.50. Okay? That's what we're staring down. So, bullish upside pressure, of course. We're going to clone this. And if we measure it up here, oh, what do you know? It's always to the top of the box. I'm shocked. Shocked, I tell you. All right, I know I'm a strange girl, but it is what it is. So, here we go. Right up here, they should rotate back down. Could you take a short? Yes, my friends, but you'd need to do it on a very tight time frame that tells you structurally you're going to have downward flow. The 5-minute doesn't even show any structural downward flow, and nor that does the 1-minute. So, if you try to to uh short up there, you're trying to buy a top or catch a top, and it doesn't normally work. I mean, you could get it. You could be fortunate and get one. Here's the wick of the prior high, 712. That's probably where we're headed to. Um my suspicion is we're headed up before down, and so the pullbacks going to give us buys for yet another day. Okay, everyone, that's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
