VIDEO 030: https://youtu.be/uQZ6cTph3ik

Good morning everyone. You get a little late start here today, Monday, April the 20th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report chart by Trend Spider charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by Mentor Q and data analytics by tradewave.ai. All right, taking a look at the ES, let's talk about what's been transpiring. If you watch Market Kickoff last night, you'll notice um Let's remove all the annotations. Yes, you'll notice that I said, "Hey, they're going to buy this dip." Now, why was I so firm in that? Because the two highest candles of the prior day were also bullish and particularly the closing candle was bullish. It's been a slow grind to the north. My thought was, as I mentioned yesterday, that big money would try to lure in shorts and then grind them out. And this is what appears to be happening. I don't know how we'll get to the top of the frame because things look really um soft, but what do we have? Trend up. Both the Vwap and the 50 that are close to the charts are upward. And the 200 is also upward. The pivot is above us. It's going to act as resistance. The anchored Vwap also above us going to act as resistance. That pivot is 7141. The anchored Vwap is 7151. Value area high 7176. Value area low 7111. We've got a couple of gamma lines to watch. One is the call wall, 7200. And one is the put wall, 70 7,050. So, we are inside of the value area for this many number of days. And so, a lot of volume has been packed in here. They're going to want to push it to the north. My reading and my data analysis suggests we have potentially five days, counting today, of choppy grind back to the north and then we take another dip to the south, fill in this volume profile just a little bit. So, what's the trade? Pullbacks are buy zones. How do you manage that? The Vwap's been doing a great job today, so pull back off of the Vwap is a nice start. Ultimately, your low is the one to watch for and that's 7,084. But I'm just not seeing that. And as a matter of fact, if we use a Fibonacci here and we open up this ledge of high to low, we can see that we're not even at the halfway mark, which is at 7,097. So, my suspicion is dips into the Vwap will hold, give it a little room. Maybe three, four points and then Bob's your uncle. Ultimately, we want to get away from this 50, but the the premise is the grind upwards. That's that's going to happen. We are in positive gamma. Notice, we are above the blue dotted line. Let's go to the NQ. Same storyboard. They've done a lot better job. They are at the pivot. What? They are at the pivot. And that pivot in the NQ, 26,725. Anchored Vwap 26,700 50 and then our uh closing candle formation is just above. Target area seems to me 26,825. If we have a rest and digest kind of day, I'm not sure that's what it's going to be. You know, we had the gap down because there skirmishes. Everybody's trying to save face over there. Remember, um saving face is very, very important. Well, it's very important for a lot of people, but definitely when you start talking about countries, right? And there are always people pulling on strings. But let's see where we are. Well above value area. Value area low 26,250. Value area high 26,550. Where are we with respect to trend? Well, we're above Vwap and we're above the 50 simple moving average. That's bullish. Our momentum started cresting higher just a little bit ago. Also bullish. But we are looking at resistance with the pivot and the anchored Vwap. So, we got to breach those, pull back and then hold the floor. Where's the buy? Well, the wicks have been breaking below the Vwap quite a bit. So, the ideal buy zone still looks like somewhere around the close of the opening 30-minute candlestick, around 26,620. Stop at least 20 points if you take it down here. If you try to go long up here, your stop's got to be 100 points if you want to stay in for the ride. So, my thought is wait for it to come back to the Vwap and then make your decision. Vwap again, uh 26,670. Buy the dip is clearly in form and uh the value area and positive gamma are sitting at the same line at 26,560. And that's also a pivot. So, write that number down. We've got three things compiling right there and that's pretty important. Okay? Let's go to Bitcoin. Bitcoin, same thing. Dip down, move up. Looks good. Looks really good. This is a very big candlestick. April the 16th. It's a bearish candlestick looks like exhaustion to me based on future motion. And we are trying to get and stay above that zone. After that, we've got this monster of a candle. And that will be our next target, 76,325. Notice the gap down all the way down into this very pesky 75,000 region. And that's what we're dancing through. Now, where is the pivot? It's above us. Where is the anchored Vwap? It's above us. Both of those 76,910. Where is the 50 simple moving average? It's above us. Where is the 200? It's below us. Where is the Vwap? It's below us. So, we've got a mixed bag. Half of them telling us upside, half of them telling us downside. So, we use the pivot and the overall framework, which is dips are buys. And so, if we can get fortunate enough to get a buy zone at 73,700, that's great. If not, 74,000 looks even better. And you know, if it keeps running off the rails, which I doubt. I think we're going to have a digestion day. Pulling into the Vwap at 74,450 is the best buy zone. It's very noisy here. Wait for your position. Don't chase it. You're just going to open up risk. All right? And if you jump in and you go, "Oh my gosh, I'm in the wrong place. I shouldn't be here." Listen to what your brain is saying and get out. Don't go, "Oh, I'm going to wait. Maybe it'll be This dog is so sweet. He just loves to play. Um 75,585. Okay, that's a topping space. Just don't be afraid to take a little loss because if you don't take a little loss, you're going to take a big loss. All right? Let's go to oil. What are we seeing in oil? We gapped up. Um wow, that is sitting That's that's That is congestion. Sitting around the space. They've tried very hard to hold this 30-minute low from the opening range in the Globex and they are fading. So, this is very interesting. Look where the pivot is and where the anchored Vwap is. That's from very deep formations. This is also where the put wall is. $86. So, they bounce above the put wall. The pullbacks, it'd be hard to say these are actual buy zones, but I think they easily could be. Why? Because they're trying to defend the put wall. Notice this wick over here to the left. That number's 86.91. I would love to tell you that I think fuel is going to be cheap, but not unless we have a recession. Um it's it's going to halt. So, we we have to go to nuclear energy. But that's just me. All right, so what do we have? The put wall and the anchored Vwap right around $86.50. Uh the pivot 86.77. Which also very close. And then this big sideways pocket. Where is the Vwap? It's above us. So, that's resistance. 200 trending down also above us. 50 trending down, but it's below us. So, this is a classic space that says, "Wait for confirmation." All of these look belows. These wicks have been look below and fail. Not ideal for taking a short. You want to look below and go. And that is really the problem here. If peradventure stance we do lose this edge. We should head should head to the foot wall. And that is 8625. All right, or 86, right? 86 dollars somewhere around there. So that is the storyboard for us. They're bounces, look like like cells. We're out of value and out of range. And so well, we're actually in the range of yesterday, but clearly outside value of the overall formation. So we should reject the value area low. If it's a look above and go then the 200 moving average will be the next line of defense for the sellers. They'll push through and then fade again because that is what the 200 is telling us is going to happen. Let's go to gold. This is the only one that surprised me. I felt like gold would continue the fade. Now, gold is moving in the same direction as the broad markets. Which disconnects and connects pretty often. What we can see is we are inside the value area low 4800 high 4850. So it's about 50 points wide. We are holding the V web. The V web did very nicely. Nice solid breakdown and then the rotation that recaptured the opening formation. That opening candle, remember, that's where they're planting the flag. And so the halfway point of that gives us our stop zone. If we buy it at the top of the range and look, wouldn't you know, look at that. To the money. 4796 and now it's here at 4828. Let's look at what's going on with these moving averages. They are up to flat. The V web is defending us. Momentum? Slightly up. We're right in the middle of range. And these moving averages are in the way, both the 50 and the 200. The pivot is above us near value area high 4850 and the anchored V web is even above that at 4860. Could we be heading there? Yes. Easily fill the gap, test to the pivot. Could it take a couple of candle formations to do that? Yes, it could. But then we'd be right back into Thursday's candle high. This 9:00 a.m. candle Not even a 9:30 candle. The 9:00 a.m. candle is the strongest candle of the day. Maybe that's news, but that the low of that candle is also value area high. That's something to watch as a target at 4850. Okay? If it's sideways, we'll bounce up and then fade. The deeper dips are showing buy zones as long as we do not lose 4797. And we've got a secondary uh support zone with 4785. Okay. Let's finally take a look at spy. Gap down. Here's the 4-hour formation. We're still in the 4-hour box, the 4:00 a.m. box, excuse me. I call it the 4-hour box all the time. It's a 4:00 a.m. box. And notice that 9:30 box of the prior trading day, which is Friday is essentially where everybody's congested in. This kind of behavior feels like congestion. What is trend? Trend is up. Momentum is down simply because of the gap. Everybody um and the moving averages are up. The 200's up, the 50's up, the V web is flat. So as long as we do not break this is a buy zone. We're very likely to come into 70550 and bounce, but all of this is a buy zone. We're very likely to see a big rush in of volume at the 9:30 and it could be all the buyers that were committed to long action that just want to shove price to the north. So they're going to come in really hot and heavy and then we'll see what happens. Top of that range 709 to 713. Bottom of our overall range which is where value area high is sitting is right around 702. Okay. Interesting days ahead. Risk first. Manage risk first. Then worry about everything else later. Okay? Be careful. And I'll see you on streams.
