VIDEO 031: https://youtu.be/A5NHzl9Nzcw

Hey everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Band. Today's Friday, April the 17th. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menter Q, and data analytics by tradewave.ai. Okay. So, let's stare down the E-mini S&amp;P right here. What can we see? What is our observable We're still heading higher. We've got moving averages still trending higher, and we have momentum still trending higher. All of it. So, by definition, dips are buys. So, now that we know that, where are we forming? Well, we had a 9:30 candlestick yesterday, pretty extensive. And the closing candlestick, the 3:30 p.m. candlestick, Eastern time, closed just over the high of that opening range candle at 9:30 to 10. You know, what could you say about that? A little bit sideways, a little bit bullish. These are the two big candles that really force price action into a place that's observable. And so, what what are we seeing? We're seeing that this last last hour of the day pushed us just over the edge, and that says, "Well, we're over the high of this, so that's bullish." So, we'll we'll say, "Hey, well, that's bullish." And it did give us bullish pressure. Now, if you looked at the video last night, I gave you a number of support that was pretty deep, and so it went without you. Right? How can you say to yourself, "I don't want to wait for that depth." Let me see what's going on. Very simple. Do a Fibonacci on last 30 minutes, and then watch the other key candles. The opening candlestick, the 4:00 a.m. Eastern time candlestick. Watch what happens. And we can see that the 4:00 a.m. broke out. Actually, it looks like about Oh, yeah. It was that 3:30 to 4:00 a.m. But the 4:00 a.m. candlestick clearly broke out and gave us momentum to the upside. Where did we stop? At pivot 7,096. Where could we pull back to? Well, we could pull back all the way to the 30-minute high of the prior day. 30-minute closing high of the prior day. Or we could come right into the 4:00 a.m. I suspect the 4:00 a.m. candlestick is going to be the first place we try to test. And it's sitting right on top of the view app. That number's 7,084. 7,085. That would be the area I would say if you are eager to be long, that's the one that you would continue. What do I like? I like things to be as close to the pivot and the moving averages as possible. For me, I'm looking for a buy zone at around 7,070. Where would my stop be? You know, a wide stop 7,060. So, 10 points wide. Why? My moving average is a little flat. I'm looking somewhere to hold above the 50% range of uh my 9:30 candlestick. So, that's what I'm staring down. Something right around that area. Okay? Dips and buys. People are up in arms about how much the market's moving and how this movement is all sketchy and Listen, it doesn't matter why or what you think or I got all kinds of tin foil colored hats at the desk. It doesn't matter. Just follow price and believe price because it's not going to lie. Price can't lie. And so when it tells you what's happening, all you have to do is just manage your risk and decide if you want to follow along. Okay? So, what are we staring down? Same sort of thing. Um let's get rid of this box. So, here's our 9:30 candle in the NQ. Here's closing candle up here. We know the overnight candles that we watch. We opened up in range, right? We opened up inside of the range and so this was choppy choppy choppy choppy until it broke out at the end of the 4:00 a.m. candle. The 4:30 candle here opened us up above 26,500. Where did we go to? Expansion zone 50% range. That's the 1.5% range of the 9:30 candle. That's where we've stopped at. So, the NQ feels a bit weaker than the ES, certainly. Moving averages are a bit flat. Could we have another megaphone style trade that gives us a deep pullback on that 9:30 candle and then a bounce off of the floor of support. Potentially, where would that number be? 26,350. That's right about the 50% mark of that 9:30 candle. That would be ideal for me. Now, if you are thinking, "Hey, wait a second. Didn't you just say some of the best places to go would be where that moving average is sitting down by the pivot?" Yes, I did. So, you can actually consider that. You can consider buying that area around the pivot, 26,433. What do you make your stop? It'd have to be 40-50 points wide. Because the it's that noisy. There's that much buying interference sitting in there. Or you could just say, "Hey, if it if I can't get a grip on it right away, I'll stop out after 25 points, and then I'll try it again." That's totally up to you. But volatility says stops need to be wide. Okay? Right now, this is in a double topping formation. It should come back to the base of the candlesticks down here, 26,423. Let's go to Bitcoin. Bitcoin breaking out just very nicely. 76,000, big number we're watching. Let me see why I'm watching that number. Ah, here we go. This is why I'm watching this number. It's the prior high from these zones. Broke it just slightly. And then, liquidation. Absolutely selling it off. Where are they going to sell it off to? Well, yesterday's 9:30 candlestick in Bitcoin was big. The last time we had a candlestick that big was uh wow, what is that? Uh Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday. We had a candlestick with that kind of volume. And the chart stayed relatively within it, I would suspect that if dips continue to be buys, and they should be because the moving averages are sitting that way, the sweet spot for the buy zone. Look at this collision. You have a collision of value area low, 74,100. The view uh the 200 simple moving average, 71,170. The 50% range of the 930 candle, that is the sweet spot. I'm going to put an order in for that right now. 24,145. Trend is up. Uh momentum is above zero. It should dip below zero and then lift again. That is a beautiful entry point if the price action allows us. It may it may not. If it does, it's a very nice trade with about 1,000 points of risk. I mean, you could take it all the way to the bottom there, but I don't think you would need to. It would need to hold this zone very nicely and it's been obeying the 200 simple moving average very well on the 30-minute. Now, you can see the bouncing off of the 75,100 area. That's the top of um the 30-minute open. The Bitcoin 30-minute close. So, there's a there's a lot of action sitting around this zone. I would still say that the bounce here is a sell into the deeper dips, but you never know. You get to You get to make that choice yourself. It's all about risk. You get to do whatever you want. It is all about risk. Uh let's go to oil. Oil's doing very nicely. It's doing exactly what I think it's going to do. As many of you know, my target is right around here, this 85 zone. What are we doing currently? Well, currently, we are holding the frame of 1 2 3 4 days in a range. Right? It stepped into the range on Tuesday and here it is Friday, still the range. The low edge of the range, $90.21. That's a bounce zone. Clearly, you can see them bouncing, trying to get up over value area low, that's $90.94. Let's look at our orientation. Slope of momentum, down. Slope of trend, mixed. We've got an upward 50 that was in a reversion to the mean, a downward 200, and a flat VWAP. What does that tell you? This is the information that that is telling you. It's got sideways action on the horizon. Volatility move. So, where might the best place be? Well, look at where they accumulated all this inventory. This opening candlestick at 6:00 p.m. The traders were there all night until about 4:30. So, something happened. Some kind of news happened at 4:00 a.m. We We can see it across all of the charts. I don't know what that news is, but it was positive for the market, negative for oil. And it brought oil down into the support zone of 9014. What do I suspect? Bounce it or bounces or sells? Where might the next bounce be? Pivot and the 50 simple moving average. And likely the VWAP. And that's going to be around $92.93, $93, anywhere in that zone, it's likely to bring us resistance. Yes, Emery, those are squishy numbers. Everything you're giving me is squishy today. That's because the market is choppy. And so, you're going to have to keep your eyes peeled in terms of figuring out what that means. All right? When you've got flat motion on a VWAP and downward motion on one chart to upward motion on a momentum. When you've got cross currents like that, you're going to have chop. And that's what we're staring down. Now, the what happens at the loss of 90? Well, the first thing that they'll try to do on the 1-minute chart is recapture that. However, if you can't recapture it, you can chase this down to 88 8790 85 is where I think the chart is essentially going. And we still have a little bit of an updrift left in the ES. So, we could see a combination of price actions moving down and then up, which would mean gold uh oil would bounce up and then down, and we'd have our market back in the same grinding motion in one direction or another. Let's take a look at gold. Gold's got pressing. Remember yesterday I said, "Hey, I think we're headed to the 200." And we have tested that 200 on 30 minutes several times. On the hourly, it looks like we're still reverting to that 200 area, which gives us a low of around 4780. Now, that also happens to be just below the low of the 930 open candle from yesterday. The entire day and all the overnight, this chart's been caught between um the candlestick from low to high. It's been a minute since I've actually seen that all the way. I've seen it leave the edge and then come back. Um but it's it's been a while since I've seen them all inside and not moving without breaking out or breaking down. This is very very interesting. There is a a big move coming in gold. I don't know where it is. I don't know if it's breakdown or breakout, but there's there's a move coming. My suspicion is that if it pulls back deeply, it's still going to be a buy zone. So, assuming it breaks the 200 simple moving average on the hourly, look for the low that's this one here. Look for the low around 4750. And as soon as that one is recovered, you move it to the upside. All right? 30-minute, you can see it's really the 200 has become very porous. So, my suspicion is that bounces are sells into these uh deeper support areas, but it's very volatile right now. So, you want to be careful. Let's go to spy. I mean, what can you say about this? If I took the pivots out and just hid them, is that not a buy the dip if you've ever seen one? It's very bullish. Don't overthink the market. Oh, it's got to turn around here. No, it doesn't have to do anything. It really doesn't. It might need to, but it doesn't have to, okay? And that's the big difference. So, what are we doing? We're well over the call wall in spy. Call wall is 700. We are at 703, right around there, which is also a resistance level. A pivot resistance level. We just rejected the pivot resistance at 70340. So, where might we want to take this trade? As you know, I like the regions that are close to the pivot and the 30-simple moving average. Our momentum is flat, so it's going to meander with trend. It's just going to meander with trend, and so my thought would be if price action gives us the gift of coming into 70180, you could try it there, but your stop would need to be well, about a dollar 30 wide, and that's pretty wide. Especially if you're trading intraday. So, my expectation is that if it gets to the pivot, it could be very noisy at the pivot, so you want to be careful. I'd say if it comes into the pivot, don't have a limit order waiting there, step to the side, see if it gets back to the call wall, and then move up. Remember, well, no, I haven't told you this. What is happening here is that the market makers are unwinding their sh- short puts, and the closer and closer they get to the call wall, they have to buy more futures contracts, and so now we're coming into expiration of all of those contracts. We could see all kinds of volatility if they want to cover instead of rolling into some other contract. So, which they should roll. But, the goal is to realize that it's market makers that are forced to hedge their books once we get up over this call wall, and man, have they been getting smashed, especially in the futures market, especially in the futures market. So, dips are buys. Ultimately, they'd like to see everything come into that call wall today, but it could come into the call wall, which would force some more buying of positions, and then the traders are back up to all-time highs. Yeah, so be careful. Be be careful. This is an upward flow that is pretty strong. All right, take care everybody. I'll see you soon.
