VIDEO 032: https://youtu.be/j-Ig4GA5C0Y

Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, April the 16th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the afternoon Money Ball report. And we're going to take a look at what happened. So, here we are. You know, a lot of folks look at this and go, "Man, that sure does look like a bunch of jumbles." But, here's what we have going on. We can see up here and I am using Thinkorswim here for us for a little bit trying to get things more orchestrated in TrendSpider. It's just easier for me in Thinkorswim at this juncture. So, let's take a peek at what happened day before, actually, what happened yesterday and then um how that day moved on. So, yesterday's final 30-minute candlestick was quite large and it gave us a clue that said, "Listen, you've got the likelihood of pullbacks being buy zones." That was the day. On top of that, we had our 50-simple average going up and so we had our opening candlestick sitting inside of the 30-minute, the 4-hour just above it and then that opening range candle lifting off of, wouldn't you know it, the 50-simple moving average. If this is moving straight up, dips will get bought. Now, this was also telling us that we would have a little bit of sideways uh chop and so the storyboard really did give us support to resistance, resistance to support and that was essentially given to us by the sideways pressure event. Now, what are we looking at? Again, we have uh statistically valid flows that tell us we have another likely day to stretch higher. We are getting a little long in the tooth here, so things ought to be a little bit messy. That's important to note that things could be messy, but that dips will be buys. Notice the slope of the 50 is coming down. Where would our ideal buy point be in the overnight? Well, the ideal buy point, if trend is going to continue up, is the low here at 7,070. That's going to be the best one for us to look at. So, the ideal buy zone could be the loss of this line of 7,070 and then the recapture of the line that gives us the pivot, that gives us the range and we know that our dips are going to give us buys simply because of that upward 50. So, where would our stop be? Our stop in this case would be this low right here at 7,063. So, you're looking if you wait to get long here at 7,069, your stop will be about 6 and 1/2 7 points wide. Okay? If you are able to do that, then you can take full size formations and continue to the upside. All right? Tomorrow is really going to be very interesting. One, it's a Friday, all kinds of things going on, but this motion of players coming into the end of the day and positioning themselves higher is really kind of a big deal. And so, the tests tomorrow will be 7,096 and 7,100 and 15 if price action continues to move to the north. If, per chance, we lose 7,070 and cannot recapture it and stay there, price action will give us 7,063 and then we head to 7,053. If that gets even worse, it becomes 7,046. That's what we're looking at. Let's take a look at the NQ. Little bit noisy. Actually, let's choose the NQ ticker. Let me move it around. Very noisy. Let's notice what happened in the prior day's formation. Oh, for the love of Pete, I'm always doing this wrong. All right. So, for Clear drawing set. Yep. So, for today, when we came in, we noticed that we had a big volume candlestick closing the day, our 6:00 p.m. candlestick holding in the range and then immediately breaking out VWAP holding. So, we know it's bullish as long as we're staying above the VWAP. All right? And so, we move in, we break to the north, but we cannot get up over this particular edge, which is uh the line in the sand we want to watch today. I mean, for Friday. Okay? So, again, dips are buys, but we have noisy traction. Okay? Especially if we end up losing the pivot, the price action is going to bring us very likely down to 26,000 305 and potentially even 26,223. Probably 26,275 for the dips, but those are also going to be buy zones. They are. They're also going to be buy zones. We've got bullish action here. Doesn't look as bullish as, say, what the ES is doing. Um but this is what we are staring down right now. So, dips are still buys. The low of the 30-minute candlestick at 26,434 is the likely um support ledge. The risk is going to be the size of this candlestick based on what's going on and that is about 70 points. Right? So, your question might be, "Holy cow, 70 points? Why don't I see if it can come all the way down before it bounces up and then I will take it." So, you take it at the look below and fail. So, it looks below and then recovers the edge and you can go long. That's what you would be looking for, right? You don't want to look for anything else, anything like of that. Note, the 9:30 candlestick is carrying a lot more volume than the 3:30 candlestick. And so, we could easily revisit this area as potential traction. All right? So, this midpoint becomes incredibly important. It also happens to be the closing edge of the 3:30 to 4:00 candle from the prior day. So, that's what we're staring at. Dips are buys. Could the dips be deep deep? But ultimately, there are buyers lurking below us. All right. Let's take a look at Let's hold. Let's use this one again. Let's go to micro Bitcoin. So, what micro Bitcoin is telling us is 75,000 is trying to create a base. You know, we've been trying to hold that for days. Let's take a look at what these afternoon candles have done for us. Everything's relative to trend. Right? So, what is our trend here? What's the 50 telling us? It's sideways. So, it tells us the ceiling or resistance area is going to be opportunities to short, not buy a breakout. I know a lot of us are thinking about Bitcoin giving us a nice breakout action. You got to be very careful with that. The pullback to the 200 on the 30 today at the opening range was the ideal place. You know, I think the 200 is the most important candlestick. Yesterday, day before yesterday, excuse me, we had a 30-minute candlestick that did not have significant volume at the close and so the very next day we had a ton of chop. The moving average told us that. Everything told us that. The VWAP told us that. The congestion of all of the price action at the important candle levels told us that. Yesterday, we had a big candle event and that big candle event said, "Hey, listen, there's some pretty solid motion in there and that's a bullish candlestick, so we're going to watch for these dips to get bought, but we have to be careful thinking about trend buying a breakout. That's because the VWAP is flat. The VWAP is flat, we're not going to have trend breakouts right away. They're going to have to build. And so, the 50 kind of flat, VWAP absolutely flat. Here comes the 9:30 candlestick. The low of the 9:30 candlestick comes into a space. That's my phone telling me it's time for bed, folks. It's 7:14. So, that just stops shy of the low of the the 30-minute closing candle from several days past and look at what it does. It rises through the entire day. It's just a a very interesting space that said, "Hey, listen, you buy the dip, especially if it's coming into the 200." Today, we had some volume. Not a ton of great volume, but we're looking at the same thing. If we get a chance again to get the 200-simple moving average, it's very likely to be a long. Where is that? 73,705. That'll be the ideal buy zone for me in this formation, do I want to short it? No, because it's got traction. So, that's what we'll be staring down. All right, for Bitcoin. Let's go to oil. So, here's what we have. We have our 30-minute candlestick and our Globex candle opening below, our 4:00 a.m. opening below the Globex, and our 9:30 candlestick opening below the 4:00 a.m. candle. Remember, when you see a closing candle formation that has the opening candle test lower, and then the 4:00 a.m. candle test and hold lower, the 9:30 candle test and hold lower, it tells us that the trading day is very likely to be bearish. It certainly did that. Now, here it is in the overnight. Here is the 30-minute candle. Here's our Globex candle. It sits sideways. It drops off very steep, comes into the pivot, great pivot points, holds back. What is the slope of the VWAP? Flat. What is the slope of the 50? Down. Mean reversion takes us back into the 50, and it chops all the way around. Why? Cuz one, that 30-minute chart inconclusive in terms of what it is that price action is telling us. And two, we move from underneath that closing candle formation over here to above the closing candle formation and then down again. So, clearly gives us sideways patterns. Clear sideways action. Same thing today, except that what happens after the closing candle and then the Globex candle is that we start to lift and then the 4:00 a.m. candle is above the Globex candle, which is above the last 30-minute candle of the day, and then the 9:30 candle closes above the 4:00 a.m. candle, and that tells us, "Hey, listen, it's bullish. Guess where it's headed to." That's the 200 simple moving average. Now, you might say, "Hey, I wonder if the 200 exponential moving average works better." I mean, you could try that if you like. I just like using the simple. What are we looking at today? Well, the market gave us a 30-minute candlestick with insufficient volume on close. So, that tells us the traders are not strongly positioning in one direction or another. Now, we have a drop-off that's giving us a low from 3 days ago. 1 2 3 days. So, this is going to be the line in the sand. Can we hold 8950? No. You guys know I think this thing is going to 85. Okay? That this is my thought about where this is going. So, in the grand scheme of things, it needs to hold 8950, and then it's going to start walking up. The prior day's pivot at 9050, then the 9:30 open or low, excuse me, which is 9190, and so on and so forth. If they fill the gap and come in to test the 200, it's very likely they continue the rotation down. But, it could easily gap up here in some form or fashion. All right, so that's what we're staring down for Friday. Statistical probability of trend at 71%, but we've got flat smaller moving averages and insufficient volume at the end of the day. So, it tells us it could be very, very noisy. Very noisy. Okay, let's take a look at gold. All right, so what are we staring down here in gold? A pretty sideways patch, right? We don't have Today we've got some good validation in terms of price action. We're also bouncing off of the 200 on the 30. That's going to give us dips equal buy zones, but the bounce zone's going to be down here at Excuse me, up here at the 50 simple moving average or at the high of the 9:30 candlestick from yesterday. So, that's 4846. Dips that come in to could you look at 4792 or 4781. That gives us a buy zone. This formation here tells us, "Listen, as long as we hold the 200, we're going to try and move up and collect ourself in the same noisy patch." Remember how gold actually looks on a daily chart. It's caught at the top of this 50 formation. Excuse me, at the top of this general formation that is holding above the pivot, but below the VWAP, and below the 50 on the daily, but above the 200 on the daily. Very tight compressed price action. This chart is waiting for the next gigantic move. I do not know its direction at this juncture. It could easily be another move to the north. No doubt about it. So, what we're seeing is price compression, and that price compression has caught us between moving averages, but this daily 50 is sitting above us. Let's take a last look at spy. We'll We'll watch this on the daily. See how it looks. It's pretty bullish, right? We know the SPX moved um above 700 for the first time at 7,000, excuse me, the SPX. Spy above 700. Look at the nice trend, just a straight upward pivot flow. I mean, very bullish upward moving averages. Dips going to be buys. Holding really, really steady. The question is, when does that give way? So, let's go to 30-minute chart and see what the traders are doing. Right? So, for several days, we've had the closing candlestick give us enough volume that allows us to say, "Hey, this is institutional motion. It's coming in, holding the edge, and moving to the north." We had it on uh Tuesday, [snorts] and then we had it on Wednesday, and then we had it uh today. And so, then we're looking at tomorrow to do the same thing. Institutional flow tells us bullish price action. So, dips are going to be buys. That's all we need to look at. Okay? Now, tomorrow, like today, shows us very choppy. But, we're still going to be dip buyers. So, you could have or we could have really pretty savage dip. My thought is the following. If we come back and test that 700 area, that zone at 700 is sort of the ideal buy zone for tomorrow. Here's the problem. If you're looking at that and you're saying, "What's my risk?" Your risk is going to be about uh you know, maybe a dollar 50 wide. So, you want to watch your size, especially if you're taking zero DTEs. It's not that big of a deal, but if it loses this 30-minute low at 700, it could easily move to 699, and then all the way to 689. So, what you need to think about as a trader is here my levels, 699, 698, 700. If it loses 700, don't go in and buy it there. Wait for it to recapture. If it doesn't recapture it, wait for it to recapture 699. If it doesn't recapture that, wait for it to capture 698, and that's only if you're going long. If you're going short, you're going to need to look at a different time frame, because nothing here is telling us we have short opportunities. Momentum is up, trend is up. We're well above the VWAP. We're trending a close above the last big candle of the day, and we're holding. So, you really, you don't want to do anything like that in in spy. It just doesn't doesn't make sense. All right, that's it for me. I know my uh charts have been spotty. They'll be a lot better next week once I get myself organized into a rhythm, and then we'll be uh back in business. But, right now, just chill. Don't listen to the news. It's going to mess your game up. Just look at the charts and watch where the big players are coming in. We know that they're going to tell us what's going on in general. All right? So, take it easy, and I'll see you soon.
