VIDEO 033: https://youtu.be/-hsiy7x2pd8

Hi everyone. It's Tuesday, April the 14th in the afternoon. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the money ball late afternoon report. I don't normally give you these and we don't normally do it from Thinkorswim, but I want to show you something very interesting. What we're staring down and we're going to look at the E S here and we're going to see that our high is 7,043. We're a mere 40 points away. When price action moves like this, fast moves tend to break down. Now notice, this was a pretty fast move and it broke down in the other direction. So it completely recovered. We have the same thing going here. So could a grind to the north continue? Yes. It could. Statistically speaking, it is likely to be very choppy, but it could continue to move up. Let's take a look at how the morning opened up and the things that I want you to remember when you're staring these patterns down. And the first thing is what I have going on here is the following. Okay, but wow, that was a lot bell. I didn't mean to have it that long. But how look what's going on. Remember, there are four candlesticks that I look at. The last 30 minutes of the trading day, regular trading hours. The Globex opening 30 minutes. The 4:00 a.m. opening candle, 30-minute candle. The 9:30 opening candle. And for those of you that intraday trade with me, you know I look at the 1-minute candle. So here is the structure. If you open and have a Globex candle and have a 4-hour candle that is higher than a Globex candle and a 9-hour the 9:30 candle higher than the 4:00 a.m. candle, it's very likely to be a trend day. And indeed it was. Yesterday we saw the same thing when it opened up, very sideways, sat inside of this 30-minute formation until 2:30 in the morning and then it broke. Look at where the Globex was. So the Globex opened up above the closing 30-minute. That's one. So that's really strong. Here's the 4:00 a.m. And then here's the 9:30, all Eastern times. And what did it give us? An update. A lot of traders tried to short today. Really bad idea, but I want to promise you that if you look at this structure, 3:30 Eastern, 6:00 p.m. Eastern, 4:00 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 Eastern and you look at those 9:30s and they stack on top of each other, nine times out of 10, it is a trending day. Now, whatever you use, TradingView, whatever, TrendSpider, whatever, you can build nice little structures that can draw this out or you can do it on your own every single morning. But keep this in mind. Don't short if you're above the VWAP in price and you have series of candlesticks that are moving in higher lows. Pullbacks will be buys because guess who's compelled to buy? I tell you this all the time. Who's compelled to buy? The sellers because they're getting their necks stepped on. So here we are back above 7,000. I don't know. What is it How many days ago were we like at 6,300 or something? Yeah, we were 6,300 Oh my goodness, 15, 16 days ago. Yeah. Uh that's a lot of points. Let's take a look at the NQ. Now what I have drawn here are pivots. They give me structural targets, but again, it's the same sort of thing. I have no idea why the Oh, cuz I'm on an hourly chart. Knucklehead. Yeah, knucklehead. Yeah, sorry. Let's take a look. Structural rotation? Same thing. 30-minute, 6:00 p.m., 30-minute closing, that's 3:30 Eastern, 6:00 p.m. Eastern, 4:00 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 Eastern. If they're stepping on top of each other as stepstools, the breakaway is very bullish when the structure works like this. Literally nine times out of 10, if this is your building structure, you have got yourself bullish pressure. We're jammed right up against the call walls for the month. Put walls very far below us. They're going to start rolling them up trying to make some money. They're unwinding all their puts cuz they don't need them anymore and that's causing price action to continue to go to the north. So what do you have to watch for tonight? How do we open relative to that 30-minute candle? Does it break out? Does it move back? If it moves back, start looking for your pivot. Start looking for the prior day's price action event. Okay? Super important. We have negative divergence, but the trend is very sharp. So negative divergence only tells you where they're going to buy. The tighter you get on your time frame, of course you know my favorites, the 200, comes right into the edge and walks it up. This sort of rotation, this is why I love the 200 so much. Right? Some of you like using the 200 exponential. I'm just going to use a simple moving average because I literally I'm a simple woman. Okay, well my husband would disagree, but I'm not going to treat the charts like him. It's not the same thing at all. Okay, so let's first, let me show you what's going on with the dollar. Let's go to a 30-minute. I expected the dollar to hold $98.50 and guess what? It did not. Same structural rotation. Opening range, breakdown, breakdown. Here we have the motion, but it's far away from that moving average and when it doesn't break down further, it tells you, all right, what it's probably going to do is try to come back in to the 4-hour candle because that's where that 50 simple moving average is. Now, this is not a tradeable index. For the tradeable index, you might look at uh Is that right? No. 6E, right? Let's use the the euro. So here it is. This one's breaking out. It's the first high it's had in a while, particularly a while. And so this one's breaking out. Also flattening into the edge of the day. This is very important. It's either taking a breath and heading higher, which will push the dollar lower, or it's going to mean revert back into the prior day's pivot at and the prior day's 200. Notice. Price action event, it's been a while since it hit the 200. That was April the 7th and since then it's kept on the rise, mean reversion here. I expect a little bit more mean reversion coming in. It could give the dollar bounce. That's going to change the face of a couple of different things. First thing, oil. Oil did a good job fading today. Really nice job fading today. Running inversely to the market. I think Topstep has a correlation matrix there. I'll have to check it out. Very interestingly, that 1-minute correlation really flips back and forth very quickly, but the TopstepX platform does have a correlation coefficient for anything you want to measure it against. It's It's not a bad thing. So here we are at the 92 area. It is support level two. Tomorrow's pivot is 9374. That's something that we're going to have to watch. If we look at it on a daily, if you're expecting oil to head back down to 60 or 50, I would take the other side of that bet all day long simply because we've got an energy problem and it's going to show its head worse. Now, you know I believe it is going to 85. If it goes to 85 and the markets run inversely, we're going to break out to brand new all-time highs. Now, there's a guy that I follow on X and I can't remember his name, but he does Elliott Wave things and so he said something like 7023 and then 7067. I'll have to look it up and double check. And that could bring oil right back down into this 85 area. I'd like to see how it behaves there. I think it's going to be viable in that zone. Could it take one day to get there? Well, sure hope not because these fast moves easily can retrace easily. Okay, so here's gold, dollar really down, euro moving up. The dollar's going to excuse me, gold is going to move in the direction of the euro. Here we are, 4867. Where are we likely to go? On the daily, the 50 200 below us, 50 above us. This is normally ping-pong action. So, perhaps we are looking at a test of 4997 all the way to 5050. And then we're going to have ourselves some sideways rotation. Let's go to 30 minute and see what that looks like. Very nice trend, again. If you're thinking this is some kind of anomaly prior day 30 minute. Globex open, prior day closing 30 minute. Some people will say, "Gold doesn't even close then." Yeah, I hear you. The pattern still works. So, there you have it. I'm just going to follow the pattern. I am. I hear you that well, all the volumes over here. Yes, but that's also in the 9 8 9:30 candle. Gold doesn't even open up at 9:30. I know, it doesn't matter. That's where the major volume is for them planting a flag. Believe me, don't believe me, use it, don't use it, it's up to you. I'm just telling you what I use. Okay? Prior 3:30 day, Globex open 4:00 a.m. 9:30, all Eastern times. They stack on top of each other. It's going to be a bullish day. It is. So, there you have it. What are we looking at tomorrow? Well, pivot well below price. We see the closing 30 minute rotation. Moving averages say dips are buys. And so, dips are going to be buys until we stop making newer highs. And that's the only way to go. Listen, as we come back, well, let's do spy first. This is important. Spy uh s 690 was this big fat hairy number everybody was looking at. Just outrageous. Very important number. It blew through it. I mean, it did sit there for a little bit after it broke it, but by and large, it just moved up past 690 and that was all she wrote. This area gives us price extension all the way to 700. Every single call wall got busted out today. And remember, when you hit a call wall and you breach it, remember the call wall is short calls. So, if it breaches and it doesn't fall back down, the negative structure of your negative selling the call wall, you have to buy it so that you don't keep losing money. And so, that's what the traders had to do after the breach of this wall and it just gave us more expansion. It just gave us more expansion. Now, because all of the zero DTEs expire, we're going to unwind again and then we'll see something else brand new showing up, but dips are clearly buys. Where could the dip come into? I don't know what kind of volume we had today cuz I was away from the charts, but it certainly looks like less than yesterday. And it would be it would be hard for it to be more than yesterday. I thought yesterday had a lot of very big single orders that I'm not used to seeing and this you know, this doesn't look like that. So, could we easily come back and test the base of this 30 minute candle? Yes. Could we come back and test the 200? Well, ultimately, that's where I want to buy it. I want to buy it when it comes into the 200. Comes into the 200, I'm going to wait for it to stabilize and then I'm going to run with it. Same sort of thing in the ES. Right? We are looking for price action. Come on, Fred. What you got going on here? We're looking for price action to stabilize either coming into the 9:30 candle high, 6961, uh Globex low, 6923, or if we're lucky over the next few days, 6860. And then it'll be another buy because this is very bullish. It's very very bullish. Here's the thing, it is not going straight up. That's just not the market structure we have right now. I don't want you thinking, "Hey, everything's clear." Of course, the media is not going to let you think that. The media is just selling pictures of all of the horrible things wrong with the world. And so, I get that. Listen, there are a lot of horrible things wrong with the world. I'm not diminishing that. I'm just saying, if you focus on what's going on outside, you're not going to be able to catch what's going on inside. So, take care there. All right, I had to put this up because I saw so many people going, "What is this? This is garbage, whatever." No, you know, this is markets. This is markets. Okay? Take care. Not going to be able to do a morning session tomorrow, but I will have one in the afternoon more than likely. Just really out of pocket right now. I'll see you guys soon.
