VIDEO 034: https://youtu.be/7ft3onhYpdY

Good morning everyone. Today's Monday, April 13th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Data by TrendSpider, charts that is. Gamma flows by Mentha Q and news by Benzinga Pro. Most importantly, data analytics by tradeview.ai. It's really what's keeping me on the right side of the trades these days. All right, let's start with the euro dollar. We can find that on TrendSpider by using EUR/USD. And if you watch me on Market Kickoff last night, you'll notice that I said, "Hey, listen, the dollar is at support on Friday, it's very likely to bounce." And that's what we had. We had ourselves a little bit of a bounce in the dollar, and that causes a dip in the euro. Okay? So, now what we have is the euro recovering, and the euro is going to follow the structure of the broad market in general. It's holding the VWAP. I'm interested to see if it breaks and pushes the dollar higher. My suspicion is that it is going after the 200 simple moving average, which sits below near that opening range. So, now that we have the backdrop, let's jump into our charts. Yikes. And let's go to the S&amp;P. Uh let's Let's remove all the annotations. Start new. Right? So, here we are. Let's do the day. It is a Monday, the 13th of April for those of us uh putting off writing giant checks to the IRS, we have two more days left. So, there we go. Um Let's take a look at what's happening. We're still making lower highs. The goal was, can we recover the 200 simple moving average? We did that four trading days ago. What happens when we break up and we have a downward 50 and an upward 200 is sideways noise. Right now, on the daily, we've got value area low sitting somewhere around 6745, and value area high at around 6975. Those are just loose numbers. We can see that we've got support action and resistance action all the way across, so we probably are going to have ourselves a little bit of a ping pong action. The question yesterday in Market Kickoff, someone said, was, "Do we expect London open, which is the 4:00 a.m. candle, do we expect them to buy the gap and push us into the gap fill and then sell?" My thought was, I don't know. But my suspicion is that whatever we do here, it's not going to be straightforward. We're going to have some noise over the next few days. Statistically speaking, April is a bullish month, and so far, it's very bullish, but notice, it could fall all the way back down here and still be bullish. So, the folks that are putting that out there saying, "Hey, listen, don't worry, it's normally bullish." Just remember what risk actually is. You don't want to rush out there and buy your favorite stocks simply because statistically speaking, April's supposed to be an up day. All right? Let's jump into the 30 minute. That's enough of my diatribe right there. And let's take a look orienting ourselves. Okay. First of all, we had a very big opening range across the board. Let's go to the properties here and let me make this thickness thin. All right? So, that we can actually see what this candlestick was. The width of the opening candlestick was quite impressive. And we stayed there for Okay, 30 1 2 3 4 hours before we really broke out. Breaking up over the opening range, the open close range was key. That's 6780. At that point, when someone came into the market, they bought 1256 contracts. I don't know if they bought because they were buying to cover. I don't know if they bought because they were thinking that price was going to move up. I don't know. But what I do know is that there was a purchase right there at 6780, and that number became very important to me. My suspicion was that we would buy the dip because of two things. One, we're very well hedged as a market, not individually speaking about you or me, although I am hedged, but the broad market, the market makers and the big money houses, investment institutions. So, they're very well hedged, so deep dips are going to get bought, and that's exactly what's happened. Now, we are sitting, take a look at the 4:00 a.m. candle, the 4:00 a.m. candle, excuse me. I don't know why I keep saying that. This 4:00 a.m. candle is really the one that the traders are going to want to move from. Oh, for the love of Pete. Good heavens. All right, this is our box. Europe is open. Are they able to break the high of Europe's opening candlestick? Not yet. So, that's our no fly zone for any more buying. Could we perchance have a dip buy? Ahead? And that answer, of course, is yes. Let's talk about relationship and orientation. First thing we notice is the pivot is above us. The 50 is downward sloping, also above us. The gamma wall flipping us from negative to positive is also above us. And the anchored VWAP from Friday is also above us. Today's VWAP and the 200 are below us. So, we're caught in this ping pong event, and you can see that ping ponging, it's been 1 2 3 4 and 1/2 hours. What should, {quotation marks}, happen? A pullback into that opening range. Which could be all the way down into the lower gamma wall at 6780, where that person purchased right at the open, or it could be somewhere right at the VWAP and the 200 at around 6794, which was the high for a very long time. So, that would be my first uh target for a short that might occur at the top of this 6819 area. Okay, so what do we expect today? Ping pong, flat uh momentum, so buyers underneath, sellers above, noise everywhere in the news cycle. Dips are going to be bought, spikes are going to be sold until we figure out what is going on. Today's pivot is well above us at 6800 and 66. Remember, the 6865 is the conversion of where the JP Morgan uh collar is sitting for the call side. The call wall above is 6900, the put wall below is 6500. So, very far below us. All right, let's go to the NQ. Sideways action today. So, you want to be careful and manage your risk like every day, right? That's be be absolutely maniacal about managing your risk, and you're going to be able to stay in for the game. Right? Don't be the 150 lb quarterback that goes after, you know, the linebacker just because he wants to be a hero. No, no, don't do that. It's very bad. All right, let's take a look at the NQ. The NQ is in a different formation. It's above both the 50 and the 100. However, the 50 is downward sloping. It's above the gamma wall, so it's in positive gamma. Looks really different to the ES. I mean, it really does. Now, I don't know if it's going to hold this structure, but if it's moving ahead of the ES, it might be giving us a clue that the ES is going to resolve, but I don't have any idea. I really don't. I'm just noting that the two structures look very different today. All right. Put wall 24,000, call wall 25,500. And we're very close to that call wall there. Big gap. Is a gap fill likely? Well, you know, a lot of people make a living trading a gap. Right? That's all they do. Just gap fill strategies. And if the gap's not there, they don't even play. Which is interesting, but to be said. Okay. All right. So, what are we looking at? Positive gamma. We're above the gamma wall. We are below the pivot. The pivot sits at the central pivot sits at 25,307. The anchored VWAP right there at 25,290. We are underneath the 50, above the 200. Ping-pong action on the way. Value area high 25,131. Value area low 24,976. The opening candle formation 90 points wide. Very big. But what that does is give us beautiful target zones. So, this opened up my shorts both in the ES and the NQ in this space. I don't like trading the NQ because it's structurally stronger. I don't like trading it short. So, for me, the big trade would be in the ES, not in the NQ here. However, if the NQ fades, very likely to come into the VWAP or the top of that opening minute candle, which is 25,000. The 200 sits below 24,963. Momentum is flat. The pivot could be the upward target of the day filling the gap. You know, it is very hard to say. I hate to sound like I'm punting. What I will say is I like shorting the top and buying the bottom. Or I like buying the bottom and shorting the top. This is looking like a range day. We're completely holding this value area. And so, that is going to be important to look. That value area again, 25,000 below, 25,140 above. Yesterday, excuse me, Friday's pivot is 25,000 100 59. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. Let's remove all the annotations. We want to start fresh on every Monday. This is still sideways. They're trying to build volume in here and create a base. Now, here's the interesting thing. See how this is brighter, this volume profile here is brighter than this? That's because there's still more volume up here than down here. The longer we stay here, this is going to become bright and that is going to become dim. And that's what we're staring down. So, still sideways, downward sloping 50, 200 is well above us, so everything is still bearish. On the bounce, the big number for us to get over remains 75,000. And this fade or the failure to hold this motion tells us that we have a potential downside pressure event. Now, here's the thing. Look at the size of the opening range candle. Now, I took a long here. I am since out of it, thankfully. But it did come back, held very nicely, moved into value area low and collapsed. What do we notice? The 200 is flat and in the way. This is our most important moving average. On a bigger frame, the most important moving average on a tight frame is the VWAP. And so, what are we staring down? Same sort of sideways motion with the VWAP. Are we holding the low? Yes, 7,590. Are we above the gamma wall, which makes gamma positive? Yes, we are. But look at where the pivot is. 72,000 978. Look at where the anchored VWAP is, 72,678. And Friday's pivot 72,000. So, there is room for this price to move to the north. But if it cannot get up over that opening candle, which is 71,600, there's no bullish action here that's going to hold. And in my estimation, if they can't get above this 200 at 71,250, we are going to see a fade and the market is likely to come back down. Now, I think the market's going to come back down, the broad indices. I think those indices are going to come down and test that baseline area that they were dancing at all night. For the ES, it looks like about to 6800. That's what That's what I'm thinking of. And Bitcoin will more than likely follow suit. All right. Let's go to oil. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Very interesting. Hoops said in the session last night, "Hey, oil's getting to roll over, and that's going to make pricing sticky." Very interesting because pricing has been very sticky. Take a look at what's going on. Lot of things moving around in in the Gulf. Lots of things. Higher lows and higher highs still put the market in a bullish pressure event. But notice, we are still inside of the original candlestick created at the beginning of this disruption in the Gulf. What does this tell us? It tells us that the big players are simply treading water until things really uh resolve. Now, the forward contracts are still in backwardation. They still expect oil to fade. Could it? Sure thing. Listen, the 200 on the daily is all the way down here at 66. My suspicion is that we test 85. But the fact that oil is not moving further upward tells me, once again, that these guys are very well hedged. And that is going to make all the difference. Take a look. Where's the 200 on the 30-minute? It's below us and downward trending. The 50 is below us, but upward trending. So, that crosscurrent is going to give us a fade action that bounces. Take a look at the opening candle. Listen, this was made this 30-minute candle, the entire range was literally made in the first 2 minutes of trading. And it stayed there all night. Notice the 50% range. 10380. Also big gamma wall. But 10380 is holding currently as support. Here's the problem. That is a flag. And it's drifting downward. My thought is that we are very likely to come in and kiss the edge around 102 irrespective of what's going on in the market. Truly. Because of the hedging. And this potential rollover. The buy zone very likely at about 101. Though they could fill in the gap. I don't know. I mean, I literally do not know. What I do expect is that when we collapse into this 101 area, we should see some more buying. Yesterday, excuse me, Friday we had and Thursday, we had these bounces that failed. And look at what they did. They came right into value area low. That's $95. That's going to be the zone that we watch on the low side. On the high side, the call wall at 100 is potentially beckoning. All right. Now, where does my setup go wonky? We break 10550. If If that happens, I'm completely wrong and price action's going to move upward. Now, Brent is becoming more expensive, but it's nowhere as expensive as all the other uh all the other crudes out there. All right. So, that being said, that's what we're staring down. Right now, we've been sitting just price action not really moving much at all. So, they are setting up for the next range. Remember, we want to look at the 6:00 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Eastern time. That's 5:00 to 5:30 Central. We want to look at the 4:00 a.m. to 4:30 candle. That's 3:00 a.m. to 3:30 Central. And we want to look at the opening range 8:30 to 9:00. I only use the first 30 minutes. 8:30 to 9:00 Central. That's 9:30 to 10:00 Eastern. Okay? Let's take a look at gold. See if we've moved. Yes, indeed. So, the reason reason quotations that gold is doing its thing like this is really have everything It has everything to do with the dollar. Won't go into that mechanical space, but essentially if the dollar gets more expensive, gold is going to get cheaper. And so, this is what's happened over time. And now the dollar was pulling back. And now it's rising again. So, we should see gold come in. Doesn't mean that gold is not long-term bullish, which it it very well may be, but that's more physical gold than uh this financialized instrument. We can talk about that a little bit later understanding the difference between a financialized instrument and the actual physical event and how it's traded is is an important thing that we can talk about one day. All right. What are we looking at? We are underneath the 50, above the 200. We tested the 200 about I don't know, 2 weeks ago bouncing off of that. We are caught below the put wall for zero DTEs today. And of course, this number changes rapidly. We would want to look for the big put wall below at 4415. Notice on the daily value area high 4496, value area low 3820. And that pesky 200 sitting near this deep dip at 4100 and change. In my mind suggests a retest into that area. I would not be surprised to see it come in to 4100 at some juncture. All right. Let's go to the 30-minute frameout the day. How might we want to trade this? Well, it's a bit messy. Opening range formation also very large. Traders have held the low of this level quite nicely. How many contracts went through here? That's a That's a really big number for overnight. Notice it's almost as much as we traded in the middle of the trading day on Thursday of last week. So, that is a very large amount and it's certainly telling us it's the one to watch. We stopped dead at 4761. That's going to be the go no-go line for the traders. The pullback into the VWAP potentially gives us our first long. And that is around 4720. If it were me, I would use a trade near the gamma wall at around 4700 and then watch it recover above the gamma wall in order to go long. Because I believe the dollar is going to spike again, I expect gold to fade and take the market with it into support. This is only my expectation. I have no idea what's going to happen, but that's how I'm framing out the day. The midpoint at 4692 also a sweet spot as a target if you're short or um as a place to consider mapping out a long if it holds that zone at least into the resistance area of 4720. Value area high 4830, value area low 4750. The pivot above us 4781. So, if the pivot is above us and the moving averages are above us, feels like there's downside pressure here. As it sits. We'll have to see how well it holds the VWAP. Okay? And the gamma wall. And that's all we can do. Momentum flat as a pancake, not telling us anything. Let's go to spy. Golly, I feel like I've been talking a long time. All right, let's get rid of all our annotations. Start the week fresh. What are we staring down? The gap that is holding right at the gamma wall. That's very interesting. On the daily, value area low 671. Value area high 694. Call wall 685. Put wall Excuse me. 660. Let's go to 30-minute. VWAP above us. Traders really trying to recover that VWAP. The gamma wall is sitting here, so that's very sideways. I would draw &gt;&gt; [cough] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Wow, this always happens to me in the morning. I have no idea why. I would draw a candle formation around this 4:00 a.m. open because it's pretty important. The gamma wall looks like the floor of support. It is literally where they bought. And so, that number is 675. You can see them dancing around that zone. They want to hold it. If they hold it, they'll be in really good shape. If they don't, they're headed back to the pivot area right down here at 674. So, you have a dollar of motion to the south and then take a look at the size of this bimodal. Well, it's got two modes. Bimodal distribution here. Very unique. The size of the value area is huge for 30-minute chart. 682 to 671. 682 at the top, 671 at the bottom. That is very wide. Um and because it's bimodal, we could easily try to fill in the gap. Anchored VWAP at 678. Momentum is bearish. However, the 200 is very far below us. We've got a lot of structure that says that this is likely to hold the base of this value area. So, dips dips are buys until they're not. So, what you would do is you'd buy the dip and watch it walk through resistance. Because we are under the pivot, it is likely to be bearish, but into support because we've got upward flow altogether. It's a very noisy mix. All right? Be careful. Super important. Also, I I want to show this to you guys and gals. This is a blog spot from SMB. Listen, this is one of the best videos I've seen. For those of us that are really nervous about touching AI, this is great. You got to got to look at it. Super important. It's going to help you a ton. All right? Okay, everybody. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
