VIDEO 035: https://youtu.be/jkZCrXeR3DY

Hi everyone. Today's Friday, April the 10th. My name is Anne Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report, charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by Menter Q, news by Benzinga Pro and data analytics by Trade Wave. So, let's take a look at what's going on here. Ever since 11:30 Eastern time yesterday, we've sort of built a base. And this base gives us 6852, which is above our pivot and our anchored V web. The anchor V web 684075. The pivot three or so. The 50 simple moving average is also there. So, let's do our observe, orient, decide and act, see what we've got. This is setting up to be another breakout day. Why would I say this? Well, we're holding the floor of the formations and we are about to break the ceiling of yesterday's 3:30 candlestick into the end of the day. Whoopsie. And that's going to matter. Right? It is. It's going to matter. If we clone this rectangle, we can see that that's essentially what we've done. We went down one X the size of the candle and moved back up into it. So, we got very strong algorithmic trading, everybody building inventory in this space. You can also see that by the volume profile. All right, so what's the storyboard? We're above the pivot. We're above the 50 simple moving average. The VWAP is flat, but that's confirmed by the sideways formation, equal measures of below versus above. Below versus above, probably going to the top of the range. Value area high, 6876. We have a big number that's around 6890. I'm going to move it into the pivot, 6894. My suspicion is that we get to 6900, which is where the I believe that is the the big call wall that we want to look at into the end of the month. Now, interestingly, uh the CME built a product just for uh JP Morgan's collar strategy. So, they don't actually trade on the SPX and the ES anymore. They have their own uh product, but the calculations say that this 68 65 number is the top of their collar. So, that makes for very interesting measure. It could easily expand, but my suspicion is that that collar is going to matter towards the end of the month. So, we're going to keep our eyes on this number and realize that 6865 zone is something to watch. Okay. There we are. Our midnight candlestick uh looks like we're right on top of it also and this is again, write it down, this is the top of the call wall collar for JP Morgan. All right, now we're done with that. What do we expect? Well, the 200 is way down here. Look what's happened to momentum. It's dropped off but still slightly positive. My suspicion is dips are buys today just as they were yesterday. We're going to take a look at the spy. That's going to be able to tell us the spy was a dead giveaway that price action was going to hold. I found it to be absolutely fascinating. But that's what we have. Upward pressure events, where are we set to go? Yesterday's high, 6876. Then the higher levels of 6893 and 6900. Could it be that we fill in the volume profile today, come down to the pivot and then break out again? Yes, absolutely. Absolutely we can. So that's what we'll anticipate. Dips are buys, spikes could run. So you want to be very careful about that, collapse into tighter time frames. Let's take a look at the NQ. All right. Same story board, uh, Jay Cappell of, uh, Sentiment Trader, good friend of mine, Kelly. We've only known each other almost 20 years now. Holy cow. So, um, he said insiders were buying software uh, hand over fist actually and that makes a lot of sense to me. As we take a look at the NQ, we see that the overall in the whole market, the dollar is sort of stabilizing around this 9850. If you recall, I said I don't know, about a week ago. Maybe it was the beginning of the week. I really can't tell time anymore in the markets. It's just one long day. So, what are we staring down? This number around 9850 is really where price action sort of has a real grip on the dollar at this juncture. It still tells us the flight to safety, particularly for the long end of the curve, meaning longer-dated Treasuries, is still solid. As it sits, we don't have um very much interest in the short-term, the two and the three years, because they believe that those interest rates are going to have to rise. So, that being said, here's what we've got. Let's take a look at the 330 candlestick formation from the prior day. Looks to be Wow. So, they're really sitting inside of it here. Held the flow to the upside. What's the VWAP? It's flat, but still up. 25,250. The pivot, 25,150. Anchored VWAP, 25,100. 13. Could we come into that area and buy? Yes, we are in a dip buy formation with a likelihood of a breakout. Watch those pivots. Right here. But, tech is holding on. Listen, folks. My suspicion is that this is going to be used as exit liquidity. Don't start building brand new positions here. If you build a position into the upward flow in tech right now, you're going to need to unwind that position or create a vertical collar for yourself. A vertical collar is a short a short call that finances a long put. It gives you true protection in in case of the market fading dramatically past what it is you have an expectation of. Listen, I don't actually think that that's going to be the case. I do think we see a fade. I don't believe it's going to be anything catastrophic. We're too hedged in the market. All right. I've been talked to enough Let's just move on. See what we have next. Let's clone this rectangle up above here. Market action takes us into the next pivot, 25,360. And then 25,472. Nice trades. Uh dip buys, expectation of the breakout. You know, would it be nice if we had the same sort of thing that we had yesterday where these guys collided, we knew we had a floor, and we could buy the dip. It doesn't look quite as pretty here. They're expanding from each other, but if you move to tighter time frames, you might see a nicer setup. Let's go to Bitcoin. All right. Same sort of noise. But, we are holding the floor of this formation. Are we sitting still? At or around this 9:30 candle of April 8th. The answer would be why yes we are. Yes indeed we are. So let's clone that candlestick. It's still the highest volume of several days and let's look at that. It's a one to one. So they are using it as a measure. As we move out into this area, this looks like maybe a little bit more than a 50%. This might be a 68 61.8. No, that's right at about 50% to me. And it goes right up into the pivot. Very algorithmic trading. Look at what we've got building here. This looks pretty good for a breakout. One fly in the ointment is the drifting momentum, but with trend, it still tells us it's dip buying. So we got to choose a spot. Where is it? The anchored VWAP looks like the line in the sand today. Maybe a little below it. 71,580. We are fighting the pivot which has been rising. The VWAP is flat but still up. The 50 is flat but trending up. We are making higher lows. That tells me we're likely to have ourselves a buying formation here. So this break right into this zone gives us the buy zone. It does. Gives us good buy zone. Could get choppy. I would say if you're holding on for the long move, wait this one out, go small size, and then just wait it out. Your risk, 71,500. You can add if you get back there. Um but yeah, it looks pretty good. Clearly, you don't have anything to do with a long if it loses 71,580 because it has a chance to go back into the 200 at 70,500 or thereabouts. Okay? So, if you are small size enough to handle that 1,000 point move, have at it. That looks pretty good. Let's go to oil. Sorry about the sniffles. You know me. I'm allergic to everything. Absolutely abominable. Okay. Let's take a look at oil. This passage of motion here really tells us a little bit about what the oil traders are thinking about the ceasefire. And they're cautiously optimistic. What makes me say that? We're dancing at a pivot that's only slightly lower. We're dancing at a 50 VWAP, excuse me, a 50 simple moving average that has stopped chatting lower and is now starting to hold higher. And a VWAP that is flat and higher than yesterday. So, let's take a look at the new area that we're staring down. High volume candlestick, you know, to me, it's still this one up up here. So, let's the high volume candlestick. Let's clone it. See if they are trading it. It looks like they're trading it. Right? One to one. Comes in, kisses the zero DTE put wall, which is 95. The big put wall at 90. uh shifting gamma and the 200 sitting at, you know, 103, 104. As you know, it is my suspicion that we get to about 85. That's my thought. If things resolve. If we don't get out of this pocket, it tells us that the traders do not actually think this ceasefire is going to give us Oh, for heaven's sake, Fred. What are you doing? They'll give us the ceasefire. They don't think it's going to work if we don't move to the north. All right? Um a lot of very interesting characters at play right now and uh you know, we're just pawns. Okay. So, here we are. Higher lows. Holding the V web, dips are buys, but the dips could be steep. What's the ideal buy point here? In this cycle, as long as we don't break 9760 here, we're all right to buy as this flat area around the V web tells us. If, however, we lose this zone, it could be a short ride. And not short ride, could be a long ride short into 92-93. We are sitting right in the middle of the value area pocket. Delta flow is mixed. Definitely mixed. And uh price action is still in back gradation. So, we'll we'll we'll see what's going on here. All right? Suffice to say, we're sitting inside of yesterday's formation. And so, the better bet is going to be waiting on the edges or trying to break out or the break down. Uh you know, you guys know what I think. I like edges to test back into the value area. Ultimately, if it breaks down and continues, we've got ourselves a new set of rules. Let's go to gold. Gold is a little bit sideways because the dollar is a little bit sideways today. Although, the relationship the correlation between the dollar and gold and the dollar and equities and the dollar and oil, they've all broken in the last 4 days. Not sure what's going on with big money behind the scenes, but the uh correlation coefficients have really pulled back. Now, we can look at it with our eyeballs and go, "Oh, yeah, that looks pretty good." But true correlation very difficult to assess. And it is declining. All right. Let's take a look at what gold is doing. Where are we in relation to the pivot? Well, we're dancing right at it. Yesterday's pivot was above us, and so we've got a decline in motion, but still within range. The biggest volume candle we had this one two the two days ago. And then we have this one at 11:30 on the ninth. Now, let's draw a box around that. If we rise and break to the north, this is where we're headed. That's my suspicion. First to 4804 and then to the midpoint, potentially. Or the higher ridge of it. Anywhere between the anchored VWAP at 4810 and the midpoint of heavy congestion at 4817. Top of the box at 4824 sends us to the north. We want this to quieten if we are expecting peace and ceasefire to continue. Again, we're in a hall of mirrors. We We just can't do anything about it. Don't fret. God's got it. And um that's that's all we can think about, right? God's got it, and we just need to worry about doing the right thing in our own little space. Okay, so it looks like they're paying attention to this box. Of course. So, we'll see. Here's Here's the rub. Upward sloping 50, upward sloping 200. Downward sloping momentum. This is a little bit of a messy chart. Right? Deep dips are buys. But, we could still be gravitating back down to where the 200 sits. So, we have higher We have lower lows and lower highs. So, I believe what this chart is doing is a mean reversion to the 200. All right? So, as long as we stay underneath this 50, we're going to change shape. That That 50's going to change shape. But, it is moving upward, and so they're going to try and get above it. Notice, they tried to do it here, and they tried to do it here again. Not happening. The sellers are not complying. And so, what we expect is sellers to take over, this 50 to flatten, and we continue the mean reversion into the 200, which is going to be at or around 4745. And that might be the buy zone there. Okay? Quickly, let's take a look at the euro dollar. Okay, that's not it. Forex. USD, not UDS. All right. Notice, 3 days sitting here with the dollar at peak. Dollar at peak is, you know, it takes a dollar 17 euro to give us a dollar US. And so, this has been third day testing here. Every time it's gone down, but we have these higher lows. Europe has been rebounding nicely. Everybody's happy with them now. Hey, they're doing more. It's going to drive uh folks back into the euro, but there is heavy resistance above the 117 area. So, we need to be super careful there thinking it's going to break out, particularly because I believe that 90.50 in the Dixie is is very likely to hold. Okay. So, what are we staring down? High. Up. Here's our pivot, and then it moves higher and higher again. Here's our spy. Still bullish, but a lot of distance between the 50 and the price action. Notice, this was why yesterday was a very clean long. Well, I came into this data, and I said, "Wait a second. We've got long action building here." Here, not quite as definitive, simply because we're very far away from the 50. Now, pullbacks into that area will give us some bullish pressure for spy. Where are we headed? Well, closing Wow, take a look at this closing candle yesterday. I mean, we're in the midst of it. No doubt about it. We're in the midst of that closing candle. That closing candle really is not that big. It's that big. We're right in there. The breakout above 680 could easily take us to the next pivot at 682.77 and then 685 where the call wall is. Dips are buys. And the dips they could be deeper depending on what price action is telling us. My suspicion is that we easily come to the top of the 330 box from two days ago. Okay? And that dip is a buy. Now, if it breaks out, you can chase it. Momentum is very high and it's pegged. I don't like chasing the breakout trade. I would prefer to look above, pull back, and hold a higher low. And then I'm off to the races. Okay? So, that area is about 681 and then 678 is where the pivot is. And the 50 simple moving average is sitting at the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. Now, why did I not discuss the 4:00 a.m. candlestick in most of the charts today? Because they were sitting right in the peat bog of yesterday's 30-minute closing formation and our Globex opening formation. So, it's who is important and it all tells us that we're sitting in this one pocket. The more pressure we build here, the more likely it is that we break to the north. This is what I'm seeing. Take care everybody. Um, pay attention. Watch your risk. And I'll see you on the streams.
