VIDEO 036: https://youtu.be/6rSNSqWQAp8

Good morning everyone or good afternoon, good evening. It's Thursday, April the 9th. My name is Amory Band and this is the Morning Ball Morning Newports charts by trend spider gamma flows by mentor Q news by Zigg Pro. So what are we staring down? We're looking at the 30 minutes in the E- Mini S&amp;P. You can see really after the initial shock event of the news and it wasn't so much a shock as algorithmic flow that forced everyone out of the building was short. We stayed pretty sideways all day. And again, my thought process was let's take a look at where we were sitting in the overnight and realize that they're building inventory there. Now, here's the interesting thing. We have been building inventory for 2 days almost. Okay, very least 24 hours and almost 2 days. So what are we staring down? Remember what happens when we build inventory? Inventory is built up so that it can be sold or bought. If I am selling inventory up here, I want to buy it back on the cheap. If I'm buying inventory up here, I want to sell it on the upside. That's all that's happening here. The break gives us what's really on the mend or on the break. So, let's take a look at where we are in relation to our pivot. We are sitting above the pivot. What is momentum doing? Momentum is a little bit bearish. We spent most of the night sitting inside of the last 30 minute candlestick of the prior day. Again, very heavy congestion. You can see the point of control by that big spike out here. That's 6815. That's going to be a noisy edge. But if we clear it and can get over the 30 minute high, we're going to be in good shape. Now, let's take a look at the 4 a.m. candle. The 4 a.m. candle broke down underneath. They go up underneath the 30 minute of the last day and underneath the opening candlestick. So what does this mean? This 30-minut candlestick is still in charge until we break the low of the 4 hour. If we break the low of the 4 hour, we are going to head to pivot. The low of the 4 hour 6793. Pivot 6774. could you uh could show Fibonacci swing high, swing low, something like that. You sure could. You'd use that link. And that spike where we got a gamma wall sitting and you can see that just below, excuse me, just above that pivot, we've got the line 678. So if we fade this, of course, my goal, my favorite way to trade this is the look below and go. So what happens is we look below, we bounce up, but we cannot stay up there. So it's the candle that rejects the support ledge. Right now everything looks fine. Hey, just buy it. Looks great. problem is because momentum is down here, the VWAP is going to stand in the way. As long as the VWAP stands in the way, bounces or sells. Where are we in relation to the 50? We're under it. That also gives us selling pressure. If we buy, that's going to be resistance. That number 6814. If we start falling into this nasty candle, we have to measure it. And this is going to be important for your NQ, your RTY, whatever you do. The 50% edge pretty close to the gamma wall that says bullish or bearish, right? But very far under the pivot 200 way down here. This candlestick formation, which is our opening 6 p.m. candle from 2 days prior, is going to be the area that we will watch ourselves fall into. Take a snapshot and then replicate it on your charts. It would be I got to ask Brad if there's a way for for everyone to um get my drawing. So maybe I can say I don't know, but I I'll figure that out. Otherwise, just freeze and then snap the shot and you've got your limes. But mark them off. We know how good they are. I'm showing you exactly how they're found. I want you to be able to go back and find them on your own and then mechanically you'll be able to tell where it is you want to go. Okay. So, my thought is, hey, do they come in save the day base of support bounces into the top of the 30 minute formation? A flat 50 tells us we've got SYOS's chop certainly in the past. And so we're going to have to be careful there. And if it loses that edge, the pivot at 6774, which is also known we can see on the daily is very, very important. I do suspect we will give all of this back. I don't know how long it's going to take. All right, let's go to the MQ. Yeah. All right. Daily burst still well up over the edges. Uh interesting pull wall. We're jamming up into the P wall. The wall has risen. Wow. Okay. So, this is a recalibration of option traders because remember the pull wall was down here and now they've moved it up here thinking here we go. We're up above the 200. We know good things can happen there in the pullback. We expect it to move to the north. That's what they're thinking. Very big move. Where's the point of control? It's right here. 24,823. Let's go to the third minute. Sideways pressure. Just like the ES sitting inside of this 30-minut candlestick formation, the last 30 minutes of the day. The 4:00 a.m. candle, folks, is sitting inside of that candle. So this is still the dominating force on the morning. This motion here where people planted the flag and they said, "Hey, we are going long off of this edge and we're going to hold this edge as hard as we can until it breaks." Right? Where's the pivot underneath us? What's that pivot line? 24,884. Region to look at just below it, 24,842. Notice the thin pocket of volume here. We can easily fill this in easily. 30 minute opening candle formation. The base of that candle is now sitting at the bottom of a pivot. I am going to move that into the pivot line. The 200 well below us, very far below us. So, here's what has to happen. either we meander down and catch up with this 200 or we turn around, move on top of 50, and just start running off the rails. Uh, I'm going to let you guess which one I think is going to happen. Obviously, I think we're going to meander fill in the volume event here. But here's when I'm wrong. If it doesn't lose this 30 minute low of the last trading half hour, we are going to find ourselves in a structure that forces us to the north. This is another volume that's being built. 24,950. That's the floor. Do you want to buy that floor and just wait it out? We can, but you'd need to collapse into a much tighter time frame to tell you that is the right thing to do. Because being under the VWAP and under the anchored VWAP of the prior day, which is this pink dotted line, and being under the 50 tells me that we just as easily could come back down, kiss this pivot, and then rotate up. If you want to put 100 points at risk, work yourself out. I'm not going to do it. Now, that being said, it could be a very cheap long, right? Very, very cheap long if you're thinking about you can put maybe 30 points of risk and try it, but that that's not new. Momentum sideways. So, this tells me I've got sideways action, which actually is another reason we might go, well, yeah, sideways. Let me buy it. It's up to you. I'm waiting for congestion to settle out. So, I would rather wait for the top where the zero DTE call wall is. And that number is 25,100 and then short that. And if it doesn't work, I know I've got long action that sends me up to 25,278. Interesting days. Interesting days. Big gamma wall to watch. 24,740. Taking a peek at our next instrument, let's look at micro bitcoin. Very sideways. I don't know if anybody read the New York Times uh article for who is Satoshi. Not like anybody really cares. Uh maybe people care. I I don't know. I just found it pretty easy. I mean, pretty easy reading because it's John Teru and he was the guy that busted the Theronos thing wide open and so he thinks it's a guy called Adam back. Check it out. It's pretty good. Um, okay, that's it. Let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. You can see we are sitting in value area, heavy congestion for a couple of days. Highest volume candlesticks. These are these are weird. So to yesterday, let's remove all this. Yesterday, the highest volume candlestick was the 930 candle, which is great cuz that's one of our candles that we watch. And the price action event bounced up into the halfway spot and then collapsed. So now we're looking at Fibonacci to measure that edge. We can see come right down into that starts holding that space and we've got ourselves some motion. The big candle of course is this candle at 6:30 the night of the news, the ceasefire news. And essentially that's where we're sitting. That's the real candle that we're we're sitting inside of. We held the floor of it. Came almost right down to the base and now it's moving up. Where are we? Okay. Where's the pivot? It's just above us. We've tried to get above it. Still can't. But it is very congested. No signals there just yet except the signal that is noise. Okay. So, we have the noise that's sitting there. Where's the VWAP? Well, we're trying to hold the VWAP. slope of the VWAP flat all day yesterday. Now triangle hold some pressure. We've got some higher lows. Where's momentum? Sideways. Where's the 200? Far away. What's this tell us? That we've got a mosh pit. And so what we want to do is see get above the anchor VWAP. That is I'd say 72,000. Right? We get above 72,000. See, we got above it here and we collapsed. So we want to look above and go. And so the look above pulls back holds the floor of support which is this box. And then we move to the north and that will give us targets at 73 or so. But when we dance around the pivot, that's tough trading unless you're coming in at the edges and you're very clearly focused on what's going on. Remember, you can collapse to 5 minute or 1 minute. just use your 200 and all of everything sort of flips into here. If you're interested, I've got the morning session at uh the Topstep Discord in the coach's classroom. So, you can pop on there, have a visit. Okay, let's take a look. Crew crew hold the floor. Now, you you know my thought is that crew heads down here to 85. Sadly, it's stopped dead 92 foot wall 90. So that's defending the ledge call wall 105. But that is the daily uh zero DTE call wall. The big call wall for monthly is 100. And we are trying to breach it. Let's take a look at this inventory just accumulating, accumulating, accumulating, accumulating. Inventory box. This is a first break out of the inventory box. And we're above the pivot. Where was the last pivot? It was way above us there. We came down. We're trying to get above the pivot. Where's the slope? Where's the VWAP? Well, it's underneath us. So, it's providing some support. What's the slope of that VWAP? It's flat as a pancake. Flat VWAPs tell us we've got noise in the chains of buy and sell. And so, it's very easy to break. Where's the 50? It's underneath us providing support. Where is the 200? It's above us providing resistance. What's the trade? Well, here's where it's sticky. Either we break out or we fall back into this range. So, what's the story board? How do you decide? Is this a look above and go? Let's say you decide you want to trade it low. My thought would be see if it comes back into the box. If it comes back into the box and holds this region right around 98, then as it leaves the box, you can go long and move up. Your stop will be right around that VWAP area. Momentum is bullish. We don't really want oil to move up. It means the market will move down in general. So, we would like for it to fall back in. Um, and I think a lot of people are going to try and short at a 100 to see if we can push it back into Valvario. Um, point of control, the point of control or the end of Viva. All right, sticky bits. Well, Venton's quite bullish. Quite bullish. Let's get to gold. Let's reform right now. Yeah. All right. See what gold is doing. Right back in heavy congestion. Look at it pop right outside value area. Pedal value area. Almost came into that 200. And now what's it trying to do? It's trying to get back above 5,000. Is it going to? I think it's going to be a sticky bit eventually. Yes, I do believe. But at this juncture, we have negative divergence. Take a look. Price action going up, momentum going down. However, the 200 is still support and the 50 is still resistance. That number is 69. Oops. 4960 or so. Expect the traders to try to press to this north as long as the higher lows continue. So, let's get to the 30 minute. What are we seeing? Remember, observe, orient, decide, act. Observe is just staring at the chart. Orient. This is what we do. momentum is up. Where is the pit? It's above us. So, it's acting as relative resistance. However, what we have is a 200 that's sort of flat that's holding a sport. A VWAP that's sort of flat but also holding a support and a downward sloping 50 that's been broken. So, what does this tell us? Listen, that's a mixed bag. A downward 50 says, "Hey, we're going to run up and find resistance." So, where's the first pocket of resistance? It's going to be the pivot. Absolutely. It's going to be the pivot. Why? Uh cuz everybody sees it. And as you know, traders are simple. If that offends you, I'm sorry because maybe you are not a simple, but I sure am. And thinking simply has kept me in the business for years, many, many years. So, here we go. Heading to the pivot. First target 4785. 4785. Now, the question, some traders might go, "Okay, I'll go long." Well, here's the thing. You can go long or short at any time. You just have to decide your risk first. And the risk here, because it's a downward sloping moving average, is all of the 4hour congestion that sits here. See, I can sound confident about directional flow, but I only know what I know. And what I know is you better make sure you manage your risk. So, if you decide, hey, I'm taking this long, you can you can go right there, but your risk is 20 points away, right? That is 200 ticks. Um, that's a lot, especially in gold. Okay. So, could you do it? Yes. Does it mean it's the ideal trade? No. But that is where it's headed. If it breaks to the north, the anchor VWAP 4,800 and this very nasty pocket of noise right here. Let me show you the box of inventory that they are after. the highest volume candle of LeBron day. It's this one right here easily. It could be headed to the north, but this downward 50 will step in the way. Okay. Value area high 4737. Value area low 4650. Point of control 4685. What's going to happen here? You know, it's a bit of a mod bit to be honest. We did have mean reversion came right back into the 200. Is it obeying the 200 relatively speaking but it didn't obey it 3 days ago. I mean it did if it said hey listen we're going to resolve in the direction of trend but that trend at any time could have changed. So mosh pit action here potential mosh pit action here. So dips into the 200 very likely the buy zone to watch and we'll see how that goes. Lastly, we've got spy. Let's see what the traders are trying to do on the daily here. There are the 50 duking it out. This is the third day messing around here. Now, you know, if you're a buyer or a seller, you want to get out of here post taste. You don't want to sit around in here. So, it says there's a pretty good battleground framing out right here at or so. We spiked up, call 680, but put wall 600. And then we've got a gamma line that flips gamma positive negative at 660. Positive gamma flow VIX is collapsing. All kinds of interesting things are happening in there. Dips or buys in the big picture here. But that$150 tells us that we have resistance. Let's head over here. 30 minute chart. The intraday trader. Let's orient ourselves. Where is the pivot? or the love of Pete. Where is the pivot? The pivot is above us. Right here, the 50. Look at the slope of this 50. This gives us a good buy shot. You see this? That is a very strong upward flow. It shows mean reversion. So, the pullback into 673. Great long trade. That's what you would look for. Where's it headed? The pivot 675. That's where it's headed. All right. Momentum turning up. This is the first one that said, "Hey, you know, we could have upward flow today." Most certainly. The coal 680 could go there easily. We're back in the last 30 minutes of the trading range. So that's the box. Likely resistance likely resistance is pushing us up above 675. Okay. And that's that's what we're staring down. This is this is interesting. This one looks much better than the ES one. Right. If we're taking a look at the ES, it doesn't look nearly as clean at all because of this collapse, but it could be heading right back up to the top of that box. Very, very interesting. I like looking at the spy for that reason. Okay, folks. That's it for me. Have yourself a good day. Hopefully, the sound came through. All right.
