VIDEO 037: https://youtu.be/T6EgwbY-0_g

Hi everyone. My name is AnneMarie and today is Wednesday, April the 8th. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. News by TrendSpider. News. Not new Well, yeah, they can give us some news, but the news is by Benzinga. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentor Q. We're taking a look at the ES after the monstrous move that is still holding. Here's what it tells me. The fact that the market is still moving after these edges clearly tells me that the traders are still trying to short the top of this and price action is buying the dip. So, let's let's take a look. First of all, you know what we've been trying to do? Get up above that 200. Absolutely, that's what we did. We also got above the 50. This news just destroyed the shorts. The unwind dramatically fast and that is what we are staring. Now, we know that very fast moves do not build profiles that are stable. And so, at some juncture, we will retest some of these things, but not sure when. What we do know is on schedule, the market began to rotate up and if you've been watching me as at least for the last couple of weeks, you know I said, "Hey, commodity technical advisers have too much short. They are going to start unwinding. It's going to give us a bounce into mid-April." Here we come. Maybe this goes into the third week of April. And then we've got ourselves another little rotation. It could be that cooler heads don't prevail and during this ceasefire we get something else going on and we rotate down, but this is the storyboard and statistically data are telling us that that's exactly what we've got, rotation up. Little bit of a fade. Um, and then we start getting another decline into May. So this is what we're seeing. All right, let's collapse into our 30-minute and see what we're looking at. The biggest thing I noticed was the giant gap up. Of course, there's our first 30 minutes of trading. Obviously something new, something everyone said, "Hey, it's this is going to happen." The news started coming out about 4:30 and then blah blah blah blah blah. Right. Okay, so here we are zooming up the rails. It starts breaking out and look at where it comes to. The last 30 minutes of the trading day. Very important boxes, folks. Lot of data analysis we've done. So we know these boxes work and they become more algorithmically strong when they are reinforced time after time after time and we are continuing to see that. All right, let's do the analysis. Where is the pivot? Well below us. Gamma wall puts us in positive gamma flow. Yesterday uh was very choppy. As I said, "Hey listen, when you see this, you know you've got sideways days. So deep spikes are buys and big spikes are long. And remember I said, 'Hey, listen, because I have this upward flowing 200, I'm much more likely to buy the dip than sell uh the bounce.' So shorts got destroyed, everything got unwound. Now we're at the top of the range. People are trying their very best to short this and they're getting their necks stepped on. Here's our 30-minute opening. The high there is at Mhm, what is that? That's a prior pivot line 6736. Look at where the call wall is for the zero DTEs. 6724. The big giant call call wall is uh 6800. That's up here. We're also over it. Let's look for the 4:00 a.m. candle. Very tight. But positive. We're above that 4:00 a.m. candle. It's something that we want to watch for the day. Upside pressure, dips are buys. We're above the VWAP, we're above the 50, we're above the 200, we're above the pivot. Look at where momentum is. Now. The Woody's pivot, difference between the Woody's pivot and the classic pivots is that you know, Woody's gives us one more leg. And the Woody's pivot, well, that's not exactly true, but one of the things is that Woody's gives us another leg and that leg is 6840 is the next run into the space. We kissed it by three ticks. Up and over and then that's it. All right? And so that number is the number to breach. The question is if things are this bullish and we've got all of this flow, how dangerous is it to simply just buy? Well, it's pretty dangerous in this market. Pretty dangerous. However, you can use the floor of your boxes to tell you whether you're sitting in the right space or not. So, for right now, if we take a look at it, we're going to see that for the last 3 hours, we've been collecting inventory here. So, the break of that inventory will lead us down potentially into the VWAP or out into new highs. And this 6889 is the value area high on the daily chart that we measured. So, you could do it as simply as that. But, you can't simply buy it and then watch it dribble down and shred you. That's a very bad way to work. Collapse into tighter time frames and reestablish using the nearest pivot that you can and your VWAP to help you. My thought is let it come back to the VWAP and then take a decision. If you want to trade counter trend, then you're going to have to go to something very tight. Maybe it's a 1-minute, maybe it's not, but very tight and you use your 50 and your 200 to help you. What's going on with the 200 here? It's holding a support. As I've told you many times, all our data analysis says that the 200 is the best technical indicator that you can use on any chart. All right? Not me, data. Okay. So, let's uh rally upwards and see what we get if we do a standard Fibonacci. And say, "Hey, let's measure this 30-minute." What do we get? 6848. Could we get to 7000 this week? Potentially. Squeezes can be very dramatic. Remember, the strongest squeezes that a chart can ever experience sits in bearish markets. It just is what it is. Let's look at the daily for the NQ. What a wall up comes right through the 200 right into value area low into the midpoint value area high very likely the next test for this chart. It's already through the point of control. Or the POC. The point of control 24,823 for this relative time frame. So we're watching this move. It's into the resistance zones. Sharply into the resistance zones. And that's giving us right on that edge 25,200 above the 200 that's upward sloping above the 50 that's downward sloping. This tells us we're going to see this kind of behavior. It's not going straight up. If it does, it's going to pull back down. That's just what the chart is telling us. So we have to trust the data and that's what we're going to do. Let's go to the 30-minute. What do we see? Uh uh call wall 24,775 pivot is all the way down here at 24,225. Value area high 24,388. I mean we're miles away from these numbers. Miles away. But notice here's our 330 candle. Come on. And we can see that the traders come right into the box and hold it. Looks very, very nice to me. Still tells me algorithmic motion is in play. There is our 6:00 candlestick. Um some of my students from the last VIP call it the hive box, which I think is very cute. But, we have the same sort of things happening. Take a look. One, two, three hours collecting inventory in this sharply upward space. What do you do? If you want to go long, I definitely would not be going short. Why? What tells you that you have a short here? Well, it's just gone up far enough. Um anybody remember the Volkswagen incident? Yeah. Going up can continue, especially if the markets are in a bearish pattern, which we are. We have a massive unwind because the shorts have been compelled to buy. What can you do? Draw yourself a trend line. Use that price action, or you collapse to the one-minute, and you see what else is going on there. 25,677 is the next value area event we want to look at. Let's see what the Woodie's pivot tells us here. We've got another Woodie's pivot at 25,280. 25,000. Oh, let's just Let's borrow this one. 25,280 ish. Okay? So, we don't have two things right on top of each other. Chances are the shorts are still fueling this rally to the north. At some juncture, they're going to have uh unwound their position, and then we'll see what's going on there. Okay? So, that being said, that's our upside. VWAP 25,050. And the put wall, excuse me, the call wall 24,750, 40, excuse me. The put wall, I mean. That's so far away. Who knows? But, I doubt it. The pivot 24,600. Excuse me, 24,265. All right? But, dips are clearly buys. You can do the same thing. Hey, I want to trade this. Uh collapse to the one and look at that 200. Hey, Maria, I hate the one. Okay, use the five. But, it's moving so fast that in order to use the 200, which is the most reliable one, you have to collapse further down. And you can see that it is porous. They're not holding it hard. So, you have to wait for the motion and then have it confirmed. This is a breakaway. This looks like it's breaking out. Trend massively up and momentum on the 1-minute straight up. Do I want to take a long out here? That's not really my style. My style is buying a pullback. So, I'm going to wait for a pullback that tells me I got a chance to go long. Okay? Am I going to go short here? No. Why? Because I've nothing in my favor except for the fact that the 200 is way down here. And that the 50 is flat. So, I don't have any I I have no decision. I have no decision except, "Oh, that's top. I'll short that." Um that works 50% of the time. Okay. Let's just take a quick look at the YM. Let's go to the daily. YM over the 400 over the 200 simple moving average, testing the 50, coming into a low volume node. This structure is the structure that tells me that we're getting close to a topping formation. Now, here's the thing. Everybody who took advantage of this and is sitting on the right side of the trade that jumped in law intraday traders, they are going to want to unwind to capture some of this profit. The first few minutes of the trading day today are going to be dramatically important. Let's go next to micro Bitcoin. Well, well. All of that noise and Bitcoin only getting to 71,000. Uh maybe it got to 72. 72,800 ceiling. We're still in this pocket. You buy the low, you can hold it for a few days. You get to the put wall, excuse me, the call wall, 73,600 or so, and we're likely to fade it again. Notice, downward sloping 50 on the daily, the floor of the put wall holding at 65. Momentum flat. Flat as a pancake. All right, let's take a look. Same structural motion, the breakout above. It does not retest the last 30-minute candlestick. It just continues. Notice the base of these micro Bitcoin candles have no wicks. So, they are buying the lows. Being very aggressive here. I find this to be very interesting. Candlesticks in Bitcoin usually have tails on They have wicks below them. We have a series of candlesticks with no wicks below. Or far fewer wicks below. So, these guys are coiling for some sort of decision flow. Notice, it's a bimodal distribution. But, value area high, 70,200. Value area low, 68,000 even. Thereabouts. So, we'll stick with that one. Let's do our locations. Where's the pivot? 69,000. Zero DTE put wall at 70,000. Solid gamma lines at 71,180. And a VWAP that's flat. What does a VWAP being flat tell us? Dips are buys. There's our 71,700. Let's move it down. Just a wee bit. So, we know where the floor is. If it loses 71,004, it's likely to shave off that amount. But, it's moving sideways and could move sideways for the whole day until it connects with the 50. Dips are buys in this formation. But, the dips could be significant. So, what do you want to watch? The highest volume candle is a 2:00 a.m. candle here, and I obviously something Asian. I don't know what. But, let's keep our eyeballs on it. They've tried to break it once, and it's under um the VWAP now. So, if it breaks it again, we could have a measured move down. The 4:00 a.m. candlestick sits inside of this high volume 2:00 a.m. candlestick, so I'm going to ignore it simply because that 2:00 a.m. candlestick is the one running the show. All right, let's go to oil. Monster roll down. Let's look at the daily. Have a gander at this. Wow. Okay, where's the 50%? 0 50 All right. Ah, that is the 50% right there. Okay, so let's draw a new Fibonacci. Let's draw Fibonacci between swing high and swing low. That's still at about 100. So, chances are this starts coming into 84. Just a hunch, but this is my suspicion. It's coming into 84. So, what do we do here? Well, if you've been long energy, you're going to have yourself a pretty awful day. Uh side note, I'm very long energy. So, a bunch of my portfolios are going to bleed blood red today, but whatever. It happens. We just move on to the next step. So, what do we do? Collapse straight down. Yesterday's pivot and today's pivot are almost identical, $112. Okay. That's the sideways motion of what we had yesterday in oil. Then we gap down and we've been sitting inside of this 7:00 p.m. candlestick all day. So, let's recalibrate. We're going to remove all the annotations here and first things first, we're going to draw ourselves a Fibonacci on the largest volume candle. And we're going to see the buy in large, we are sitting inside of the 50% retracement uh extension off of that edge. What's more important is that we look at this second candle, which has less volume, but everything is sitting inside of it. So, this is where they're building inventory. We know it. They're actually building inventory um without the wick. And this is the first time testing that wick that maybe we anticipate seeing a bounce. Put wall 90. So, we're about $4 from it. My suspicion is the bounce and fade should bring us to this 84 level. We have an old pivot that might give us some flow at 85.25. Watching that tells us if we took a short, let's say we're using the VWAP now cuz it's the the that's closest and we say, "Hey, I took a short here. Going to the bottom of the box is all you've got." Could it break down more? Yes. Do I anticipate it breaking down more? Potentially, yes. However, the first place they're going to try and stem the tide is right here at the base. So, if you took a short off of the VWAP, that's what you would do. You say, "Hey, I don't know what to trade in here, but I want to trade something." Collapse into the tighter time frame and stare down that 200 simple moving average, and what does it tell you? Well, it tells you that first, slope, you know, it's kind of a lazy river to the downside since the overnight, since the first Dow C, as it were, but you're still shorting the tops. That's going to be the same thing. Bounce, going to be short. Would you wait for the 200? Yeah, I would, actually. I sure would. Or, I'd wait for it to reject my 50. And that's what I would be staring down. Let's take a look at gold. So, the daily. In between the 250, we talked about this, so it's headed up to the top of the box. The dollar has really faded, but it's sitting at front line support. $98.60. I expect oil Excuse me, I expect the dollar to bounce off of this level today. If it bounces off to the level, it's going to pull down every index, and it's going to pull down gold. Okay? So, plus gold is sitting at the call wall for zero DTE. 4850. Let's go to the 30-minute. Let's calibrate. What do we have? Big shine big giant boxes. Uh let's remove Oh, no. Let's just remove all the rectangles. Yes. So, here we are heavy congestion. I talked to you about sideways action yesterday. Now, what are we looking at? Mean reversion because we are under the VWAP, but we have an upward 50, upward 200, and we're above the pivot. So, these guys are looking for support that they can buy. I believe that's going to be generated by the dollar. We'll take a look at the uh EUR/USD in just a quick second, but let's take a look at the numbers. Got a great big gamma wall here at 4775. Would not be surprised that that's the number we test. Our pivot well below us at 4700. Anchor VWAP and Uh wow. Anchor VWAP, point of control, gamma flow, um the gamma wall that moves us between positive and negative gamma, all sitting at 4685, essentially. That potentially could be quite the magnet. I don't know if it does it today, but we'll keep an eye on this and see how it moves. That's a lot of price compression, and it's breaking out. So, a lot of people who do these measured moves will go value area low, value area high, Fibonacci retracement and extension. And here we are at the top of the box. So, this line really 4870 is this one that I'm staring down. I do expect a fade into this area. We rejected the VWAP, so now we're hunting for support. Downward flow, downward momentum, upward trend, they're going to try and buy a dip somewhere. And I think that number's if the move is not savage. If the move is savage, 4722. Uh do I want to trade this anywhere in between that? Probably not. I'd like to see a test of the 200 on the 30. That'll be my sweet spot. Okay? All right. Let's take a look at the spy. Case of the zoomies. Well over the call wall at 675. Let's take a look at the daily, see what happened. Yeah. This is gigantic. The point of control on the daily is 682. Easily, we could see 682, 683. It's not not a problem at all. Stalling out right here, right on top of the VWAP. Right? Right on top of the VWAP. And so look at where our pivot is. It's at the anchored VWAP of the prior day. That's 656. We can't look at that and go, "Okay, it's a dip buy." All right. What What about that? So, what we want to see is how are they doing on the 4-hour formation? And that's what we'll stared at. And you can see they are they broken out of it. So, that's bullish. Right? Dips are buys as long as the low of Europe holds. If the low of Europe does not hold, we're going to start walking back some of this motion. All right? So uh be careful. At the point it begins to walk back, if you're thinking to yourself, "Hey, I want to go short." You know, I would want a failed retest of that 4-hour candle. Excuse me, that 4:00 a.m. candle. So, I'm looking for the loss of the candle low, and then a bounce that cannot recapture the 50% line. And notice, that's essentially where the support floor is for this chart inside of here. So, if it pulls back and holds the 50% and bounces out again, that, my friends, is long. And it stays long until it comes in and breaks that low. 9:30, lot to see. I have no idea which way it's going to go, but it's going to be very interesting. And if you are close to the edge of any of your combines or your XF A's, trade with paper today. Um and I mean, use a practice account. Going to be interesting. All right, everybody, take care. I'll see you tomorrow.
