VIDEO 038: https://youtu.be/aJQYN4TKApY

Good morning everyone. Today is Tuesday, April the 7th and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. My name is Amarie Band and here we go. So this morning, very interesting. this candle here between 6:00 to 6:30 and 6:30 to 7:00 in this 1 hour we had almost 80,000 contracts move through. So that's pretty unusual. It's almost twice the size of what a normal day would bring us between six and seven. I'm not sure if it was news what's going on, but what it does do is flip our cumulative delta negative in the pre-market. And so, what does what does that actually mean? Well, it means that we're under the VWAP and we're below the close of the first 30-minute cap. In general, this is what it means. So cumulative delta is not something that you absolutely need, but it certainly does tell you what's going on in the charts. So let's let's pick up see where our lines versus yesterday are telling. So we went right into the target from yesterday. I said, "Hey, listen. Looks like 6668 is the target above us." We didn't quite get there in yesterday's trading, but we've gotten there in today's trading, and there were a lot of sellers waiting for us up there. So, let me see if we have the supply demand. No, I don't. Too cluttery. All right. So, obviously, we had some supply up here. We're going to have some demand up here. Remember, our blue line separates positive gamma from negative gamma formations. And so what are we staring down? We're staring down a chart that's essentially sideways. We are inside of value. That's the bright part of the volume profile. And we're inside of the range of yesterday. Okay? And so if Hog were speaking to us, he would say, you know, we wait for better opportunities. We let them break out of this range. So maybe we do. Here's another thought. The 200 is up. The 50 is up to flat. The VWAP is up to flat. Why not use rangebased formations that say, "Hey, if it comes down into the value area, low area around 6600, I could position a long. That's also where the zero DTE put wall is right around that area. But we know that can change during the course of the day. 6500 is the put wall below. The call wall above is still 6800. You can see price action moving very very sideways. And so pullbacks give us a potential bounce. And you can see the traders trying to bounce here off of this 6613. The question is how much risk are you looking at? We are dancing right at the pivot. We know above the pivot in general gives us bullish structure. Below the pivot in general gives us bearish structure, but we're positioned on an upward sloping 200. So that bearish structure is only into support. And so that's what it's trying to do. It's trying to bounce. Everything tells us it's sideways. That gives me rangebased structure. So, I would be trading range formations, and that would be dips or buys, spikes or sells until they're not. And I know that's preposterous, but it is how we live here in our gray area that is trading. breakaway zones 6634 send us back to 6650 send us to 6670 and then our next line above us is 66 85. Now remember what the traders are trying to accomplish. They're trying to grind their way to test this 200. Now, they're doing a pretty crummy job of it if you ask me, but that is what they are trying to do. And so, these dip action events give us these price spikes. We'll see what happens, right? My suspicion is dips or buys and bounces or sells because we're in a very choppy zone. as I've mentioned time and time again that we are moving into a statistically noisy period of trading. Now we love these stats that go oh okay XYZ said that you know 70% of the time April is a positive month. Well, that could be positive by two ticks relative to what it was April 1st and it could be a big draw down into April into April before it bounces. So these kinds of broad technical things that say hey don't worry remember these guys are running money and their goal is to have you not liquidate your portfolio so it affects their quarterly balance. Okay, just just telling you. Okay, we're done. Let's go to the NQ. Let's take a peek. Now, remember the NQ is much closer in terms of relative frame to its 200. Sharp cross of the 50 and the 200. We know normally that is a big what do they call this? The death cross. Absurd. But this is what they're staring down. It's very messy, but it's still pretty sideways. Let's take a look at what our parameters for yesterday told us and what we can do today. So, yesterday I said, "Hey, listen. Looks like we could get to 24, 390 and then the big line up above 24,500." Well, it got above 397, but it did not get above the 500. And so when things like this happen, I like to see what percentage of the way. No, you know what? This is what I want to see. I'm just going to measure what it is from top to the bottom. This and that. Well, I kind of knew that would be the case. So, it just a little bit above the halfway spot. We got um the reading from that area and oh shucks and that tells us that that is now the top end value area high remains in that zone of 24,390. I'm going to call it 24,400. We can see that top end. Are we in some kind of range? Yes. Let's do our framework. I didn't do it with the ES, but I'll do it with the NQ. Where's the pivot? Well, it's above us, right? So, we are below the pivot generally means downside pressure. However, we've got an upward sloping 200. So, it says downside pressure into support. What is the slope and location of the 50? It's up to flat rangebased formation. VWAP up to flat rangebased formation. So what do we do? We trade the range until it doesn't work. So what is the base of the range? Same thing as yesterday. 24,163 to 24,200. Anywhere around that zone is going to give you bullish pressure to the upside. Then we've got 24,39 and 24,400 call wall. Call wall. Yes, it's here. 24,500 put wall. Whoa. 23,000. Zero DTE. Put wall 24,000. Very sideways. very sideways. I believe as I mentioned the other day that traders are getting war fatigue because we are generally simple. Listen, if you're a trader and you get offended by what I'm saying, just realize I'm talking about myself, okay? Generally speaking, there's just so much digital information an analog brain can hold. And so it creates a blowoff top where we just simply are not taking things in as well as we should or we have definitively decided to stop the flow of information from affecting deeper spaces in our psyche. Okay, this tells me that we're sitting in that spot. So we're going to need some other massive jolt of X, Y, or Z to take us into the next space. And until that time, deep dips are still buys because we're sitting in this sideways bucket. Okay, lower edge of the framework 24,69 and then the zero DTE at 24,000 dips certainly buys. Please pay attention to the size of the wicks. This is very important. Wait for your edges to collapse before engaging. Okay, super important. If you care to join me on the Topstep Discord this morning, we are doing office hours and um you can look at the coach's classroom. I'll be there yammering about doing X, Y, or Z. All right, let's hit the Bitcoin. Okay, let's go to the daily. Still a dumpster fire. Still sideways. It tells me there's no new infusion of liquidity because liquidity is the driver to Bitcoin in my estimation. This is how I'm using this chart. Okay, so we've got sideways pressure still holding us in the range. I've got some sort of crazy Fibonacci drawn here. So, let me delete it so we can see what's going on. Let's go to the daily uh the 30 minute. Let's compare yesterday. Gamma wall intact. 70,500 thereabouts. Spike up into 71,000. Never got there. Okay. So, could we move this line down? And we could, but I'm not going to. I still think we're in a sideways pressure event. And the traders are trying to lift off. There are a lot of big traders that really believe that Bitcoin is going to have its next heyday. I think it's probably going to get smashed by tokenization, but we shall see. It's a, you know, clear as month. Let's look at the levels and decide where we are. Where's the pivot? Well, it's above us. That means generally bearish. However, where is the 200? It's below us and it's up to flat. So, this downward signal that says, "Hey, I'm below the pivot." Tells me, "Okay, friend, you better pay attention to where support ledges show up." Our number yesterday was 68,585. We never came back to it all day. Yesterday, we just stayed up, try to get to the zero DT pull all at 70,000 and there we sat all day. Okay, today it's holding our number 68,500. We came down, kissed the 200, and now what are we trying to do? We're trying to get back up above the pivot. However, what's the slope of the VWAP? It's up to flat. So, it could get there, but we're probably going to see sellers. Where is the 50? It's up to flat. Another indicator that says, hey, we might get to the pivot, but we're going to see sellers. Momentum is very negative. So, I suspect what we're going to do is stall out. Let's try this edge. I think it works. If we stare down this area, we're going to stall out very likely somewhere around the midpoint of this region at 6880. If it holds above, we'll test the pivot and the anchored VWAP. All right. If we hold the anchored VWAP, we get above the pivot. All of our moving averages are below us. We go right back into the zero DTE up there at 70,000. Do I think we're going to do that? No. I think we're going to go to 67,000 and then bounce again very sideways. Right, we've got a gamma wall here at 67,800 and then the value area high 67,600. Let's go to oil. Oil is in a little bit of a bouncy bounce. Trend still up. Momentum still up, but somewhat divergent. Doesn't tell us anything. Doesn't tell us it's toppy. Not at all. And things are only going to get worse. I did hear some people say, um, "Wow, the whole world is bullish. I can't wait to see what happens here." Implying that we're headed all to one side of the boat, and of course, that's going to fade. Now, logistically, that's exactly what happens. Allah, look at this camp. Everybody moved to this side of the boat and it collapsed. But we've got ourselves something that could easily spiral into our very own tulip formation. And so we'll see, right? How far, how fast, no clue. But as of now, we've got brand new highs relative to this candlestick. And we have spent since March 9, we have spent time trying to get up over that candlestick. If perh happen stance we do get above that candle. Here's our 50% line at 101 thereabouts. The next line in the sand, dear friends and neighbors, is $138 and then somewhere around 160. Okay. I certainly hope that doesn't happen because I have a number of family members that travel for their business and they own their business and that is going to eat a chunk out of it. So, that being said, here's what we've got. Let's do our orientation. Where are we? Well, we're above the pivot. Okay, generally bullish. What's our trend? 200 up and acting as support. 50 up to flat acting as support. VWAP up to flat acting as support now but was resistance. Notice these areas of losing the VWAP and then the magnets of the pivot holding it into the anchored VWAP of the prior day. Look at it here again. It loses the VWAP. There's the pivot all the way down there for that prior day, but it comes into that anchor of the day before and then begins to bounce. This is the same structure. We came down into the zone, held the pivot. The pivots's been climbing for three days. Upward continuation. You don't want to sell these tops until they confirm. Until they confirm and then you can have a go. Of course, you can do whatever you like. I'm just telling you statistically speaking, what's the better bet? Okay. Upside pressure. Yesterday's resistance level two, that's $118. There are a couple of gamma lines sitting there. I don't they're so clustered I don't have them on here. It makes the price action just very very noisy because I'm using these other lines. But there are gamma flows here that are going to try and hold this structure down below 120. Okay. So that's what we're seeing. Negative divergence. So if it spikes up here, watch for the collapse. You can take the scalp short, but be ready to pitch and get to the right side. Okay? Just it would not be it's not advantageous for you to do it the other way just to hang on in a short where all the trend is up. You just look for something that says, "Okay, I'm exhausted. I'm going to collapse down into prior highs, prior supports, prior VWAPS, that sort of thing." Okay, let's go to gold. Sideways slash tells us that the dollar is compressing, trying to build structure. So, let let's take a look at that. Um, USD EUR. Oops. Got to go to Forex for that. All right. And you can see this. You see how it looks just like the gold chart? Very, very similar. These guys are tracking each other. So, let's go. Let's go here. We can see that the dollar's compressing, trying to hold a support zone. So, let's do the analysis. Where is Well, first of all, we better check this out. Okay, in between the 200 and the 50. I'd forgotten where we were. Okay, 30 minute chart sideways. Look what's been happening to this pivot. lower areas for the central pivot and yet higher lows. So what's this tell us? We have a cross current. So when we have a crossurren like this, we know we're in a rangebased formation until the range breaks. So first let's build out the range. Pretty much value area low to value area high. That's 4630, 4720, 12, whichever one you want. Not an exact science, folks. Everything is drawn with a big fat crayon. Okay, let's talk about where we are with the pivot. They're trying to recapture it. Just ticked above it. Pretty wiky price action if you ask me. Let me see. That's better. Um, three contracts better. At least it's not wiki. All right. So, this is what we need to stare down. Same relative range. 4640. Dips or buys, spikes or sells until they're not. Let them collapse and then you can step in. Very noisy. See this here? It means don't trade this box. Wait for it to fade and then trade it up or wait for it to bounce and then trade it down. Getting in the middle here. Listen, if risk was nothing to be concerned about, you could take a trade one direction, doesn't matter which, flip a coin, decide which one, and hold it until it turns positive. Could it run 40 points, that's 400 ticks against you? Yes. And then it could turn around and move right back. Doesn't mean you want to trade it here. As a matter of fact, risk parameters suggest that you do not want to trade it here. Okay, wait for it. Are we under the uh are we under a negative gamma? Yes. Positive gamma above, negative gamma below. That's going to give us likelihood of these big spikes, fades. So, we we wait it out. Wait for it to come in to you or expand to you and then you're going to get the right trade. Where is the put wall? Whoa. 4,400 put wall 5,000 call wall. So that's a,000 different. The zerod put wall 4576. Zero DTE call wall 4750. Those would be the ranges that we capture ourselves in. But this is what they're doing. They're resolving here. So naturally, my friends, when we break, we're going to go to the 50% region here in general to the upside or the 50% region first to the downside. That's going to give us potentially probably if I'm just doing it by halfway marker. That's 4598. Looks right around there. And then on the upside, the first target 4765, which is a pivot from two days ago. Okay, let's go to SPY. Delta continues to fade, but the traders are not losing the floor of support. Let's take a look at the daily. We're really close, relatively speaking, to the 200, but we are under it, right? Jim Dalton might say, "Well, how good are the traders doing their job to get us up to the 200?" You know, they're sticking up the place pretty bad. They can't do it. Wick, wick, wick, wick, wick. Really tough. What is happening though is the deeper dips are getting more shallow. So the dips are still buys. Zero DTE put wall 650 and zero DTE call wall 660. So only 10 points away. The big put wall is 675. Excuse me. The big call wall is 675. The big put wall is 650. All right, let's go to 30 minute. What are we staring down sideways? Where are we with relation to the pivot? Well, we're under it. Look at how far the 200 is away from us. That's kind of crummy. Flat and far away from us. We could easily fade into this zone. We could do it very slowly over coming days while the 200 tries to catch up at around the 650 line. Okay, under the VWAP, under the 50, under the pivot, under the anchored VWAP. You know where is it likely heading? Well, there's a VWAP below at 653 and then another one, another gamma line of importance at 650. Are dips buys here? Well, here's the rub. The short answer is yes. The long answer is how deep is the dip? Value area low all the way at 648. The 200 is at 647. We've got all kinds of noise here. Notice how thin the volume profile is here. That's from this motion on April the 2nd. That's this motion. My suspicion is that we rotate all the way back down here. Why? Because great big fast moves are usually failed moves until they gather volume at the price. Why? because the market is doing an auction and if not enough people come in and say I agree with that or I disagree with that we must have just had some uh news come out some kind of release because we are going all over the place. Yeah. So if we're staring that down I I believe more market auctioning has to take place here. So, I would not be surprised if we lose this entire ledge and come back into 650. All right, everybody. I know a little long trying to explain some stuff. I will chat with you all later. And if you're so inclined, nine o'clock top discord will be sitting in a coach's classroom. Take care.
