VIDEO 039: https://youtu.be/qOsFJ__dcfU

Hi everyone. Today's Monday, April the 6th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the money ball morning report. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menta Q. We are taking a look at the E-mini S&amp;P. They are back It is bouncing uh quite a bit actually. But if you saw Market Kick Off last night on Topstep TV, you know that this was my premise that we would really try to get ourselves further to the north and ultimately connect with this 200 simple moving average. A lot of this is simply an oversold bounce. So if you're thinking to yourself, wait a second. We've got all this awful news and the market is just holding up. What's happening? Oversold bounce and the buyers who are normally in charge are just trying to bring us back to center. On top of that, what we're looking at is a market that's very well hedged. Okay? So let's take a peek at what we are staring down on the 30-minute chart. We had our opening 30-minute formation that stayed in that pocket for about 2 hours before breaking out. That's going to be the go no go line in my mind and that's 6588. It's also right on top of value area low, which looks to be about 6591. So that area between 6588 and 6591 gives us our frame of reference. It also happens to be Thursday's um Yeah, Thursday's pivot. Today's pivot is 6613.50. Let's talk about location. What's our What's our location? Well, we're above the pivot. We're above the 50. We're above the VWAP and we're above the 200. The slopes of the 50 and the 200 are gently upward. Slope of the VWAP also gently upward. But we are caught in a sideways patch. You can see that by the volume profile here. We've got about mhm We've got a few days sitting right in this zone between &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; 6653 all the way down to 6590. Could we continue upward? Yes, absolutely. The traders are going to want to unwind some of their positions and I see that happening. As long as we hold the pivot and all of these moving averages, we should have bullish pressure. The line in the sand that says, wait a second. We might have a deeper dip. will occur if we lose that pivot at 6613.50. As long as that stays there, we're okay. If we lose that 6590, we could easily fall into the 200. On the upward pressure, we've got well, the call wall still up here at 6800, the put wall at 6500 below. The zero DTE call wall 6700, the zero DTE put wall 6550. That's a lot of range. As it sits currently, momentum is above the midpoint and trend is up. So dips are going to be buys. This is my thought. Watch that VWAP. If it sits right in the current area around this 6610 to 6620 zone, we are going to build some traction here. Notice all of the primary motion is in that zone. Just be careful. Right? Dips are buys. Look at what the trend is showing us. Here is 6:00 and then 4:00 a.m. So right now, we are battling at the 4:00 a.m. open. Just losing it. If we fade into that 9:30 time frame, we could easily come back to the opening range. Very, very easily. All of the bounces have been sold off. So we would expect the bounce to be sold off here as well. Let's go to the NQ. All right, let's take a look at the daily chart first. So look at where the 200 is. Pretty far away. 25,000 and 26. The 200 and the 50 colliding. 200 up, 50 down. Momentum dancing around the midline. From a daily perspective, this is pretty awful. It's very sideways and you can see where we're sitting right in the middle of the value area. So choppy to say the least. Let's take a look at the 30-minute. What do we see? Well, here's the pivot at 24,163.50. We are above that line, that pivot. We are above the 50. We're above the VWAP. We're above the 200 and our momentum is above the midline. So what does this tell us? Dips are buys. Notice the range of the formation. Gives us a value area high 24,280. Value area low 24,035. That's also Thursday's pivot region anchor VWAP. The gamma lines that slip us from positive to negative gamma. We flipped positive gamma right now both in the ES and the NQ cuz we're above the blue line and so that's what we're staring down. Those pullbacks give us the buy zones and we can move to the upside from there. Where would the ideal pullback be? It would be somewhere close to the VWAP, my thoughts. And that's about 24,200. If we lose this area at 24,150, could get really choppy. But you know, it's it's still doable, right? You You'll You can still buy that dip. Losing it, however, you're going to have to get out of the way, I think. There was, you know, another 100 points to the south. Support level is really 24,000 thereabouts. That's the next support level on uh the pivots. Okay? But dips are buys. It's bullish. We are below the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. Actually, no, we're dancing right at it and we've recovered. We're trying to recover it. And that's 24,309. Remember, if we lose it and start trending lower, it's very likely that we come back into the opening tick. Okay? Super likely. So we have to watch for trend to continue. To me, it looks like it's going to be a sideways day. If you want to take a look at the YM, here's what's happening here. Very quickly. There's the 200 at 47,579. It's right in the middle of value. It's very messy. This one is truly very messy. If we take a look at the 30-minute chart, the big thing to watch is where are we with relation to the pivot and we are actually right on the pivot as we speak. 46,703. We're above the VWAP. We're above a flat 50 and we're above upward sloping 200 with sideways momentum. Still a little bit above zero. What does that tell me? Dips are buys. Where's the nicest dip? Right here in the low volume node. Perhaps it comes in and kisses that 200 and that 200 is sitting at 46,450. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. So Bitcoin has got a bounce. Here is the chart. You know, we're sitting in here. This is a trimodal or multimodal distribution event with the biggest volume sitting up at this 90,000 area. Right now, it's building a new framework between 65,000 and 75,000 and it's done that for 2 months. Dips, buys. Comes into 75,000 and sells off. So could you say, hey, I want to buy it. You can, but this 50 on the day is stopping you from being all warm and cozy with that kind of trade. Could you roll past it with strength? You could. But momentum is definitely not telling you that you will. So my thought is the bounce up into 70 72 today should bring selling opportunities. So let's take a look. Let's talk about where we are. Here's our pivot. It's sitting wow, that's right at the point of control 67,148. We are well above that. My thought is that we do run into some significant trouble between 71 thousand and 72,000. 71,700 something like that. Where are we in relation to motion? Well, we're above the Vwap. We're above the 50, we're above the 200. 200 flat, 50 slightly undulating very far away from price and above the Vwap. This is the max demo line, which means it's overshot its entire day already. So we'll have to see. Could it pull back? Of course. I'm looking at that 30-minute opening candle. Let's for grins. Let's draw Fibonacci since this candlestick is so big. And you can see it's almost at the what is this? One, two. Two and a half. And here it is sitting at that two and a half area. So this should be a bit of resistance to pull back. Could you try to go long at 69,000? Of course you could. You easily do that. You want to keep your stop tight. Okay? Keep your stop tight. That's pretty important. Momentum very high. But also bleeding a bit. All right. So you you want to be careful there. Let's go to oil. Let's take a look at the daily on oil. Overnight formations give us this prior high, but we still have the high about, you know, almost 120 where it was when we first broke down. So that's kind of important. We still aren't there yet. I don't know if traders are getting a little bit of war fatigue and so they're going to say well, business as usual, but there is a reckoning coming because the disruption is pretty extreme. As a matter of fact, reading Asian news they've got all of these uh lockdown places and protocol to keep people from using a lot of energy. So a lot of things are work from home, remote, um a lot of uh all the government offices are on um a four-day week. Schools and universities are shut for 2 weeks. It's it's very interesting. It feels COVID-esque, of course for totally different reason. But this is what is going on in the Asian nations as they grapple with fuel constraints. Uh you know, we aren't there. Chances are we won't get there, but it looks pretty rough for the rest of the world at this juncture. Okay. Where is the value area high? That's all the way down at one $104.66. Right now, we are sitting above the pivot which is 107 ish. But we are below the Vwap and below an upward sloping 50, but above an upward sloping 200. Momentum clearly fading. But remember when trend is up and momentum fades, they're simply looking for support. Where is that support? Well, it could be 110, which is where the anchored Vwap is, $110, or it could be $104.66. I would anticipate that if we had any kind of wicking action down we would spike upward. Now, the problem is how the futures look and how spot looks is really very different. And that's because there's a surcharge on spot fuel, particularly Brent. Spot fuel that I think I read this morning that it's $18 up over the price the Saudis are charging that spot additive and so still makes it, you know, $40 $50 higher than what we have here. So that being said dips are buys. Trend is up, but we could have ourselves a mean reversion to fill in the value area over here to the left between 104 and 107. So finally what looking at the futures, let's finally take a look at gold. So where is gold? It's battling with its value area high. Notice also multimodal distribution here, so it's pretty choppy. They bounced off of the put wall, which has been raised actually. Put wall now and call wall is 4976. If we start Oh, maybe it is No, that's that's about right. It's It's close to 5,000 that call wall. So let's take a look. Where's the pivot? Well, it's right in the middle of all the noise. We just broke above it. And so as it sits, we're above the pivot, we're above the Vwap, we're above the 50, we're above the 200. All of that says dips are buys. The dollar is running the show. It is still the flight to safety. As I mentioned, it's not always going to be the flight to safety, but it is now. And so as the dollar rises gold is going to feel the pressure of weight. As the dollar pulls in, gold is going to be able to take a breath. So very quickly, let's take a look at USD Let's go to forex. USD E R Okay. So here's what's happening. This is the dollar versus the euro. Right? And so when this goes down it means that the dollar is rising and when this goes up, it means the dollar is falling because what it's measuring is how many dollars it takes to make a euro and that's 86 cents. I don't know if they can do it They do it backwards. There we go. This tells us better. Right? So this is measuring the dollar. Dollar goes up. The flight to safety, it's going to weigh on gold. Dollar comes down, it's going to give gold that little bounce. All right? And so that's what we're seeing. Whoopsie. That's what we're seeing in this little area right here. So what are we looking at? Dips are buys. A lot of support down here at 4642. Put wall 4580. Call wall zero DTE call wall 4750. You know, you take those zero DTEs with a grain of salt unless you see all of the heavy congestion. I think this chart is in sideways pressure. But again, um there's another portion of the world celebrating the Easter holiday that has today off. Okay? Let's go to spy. All right, so what is spy doing? Again, trying to get up into the 200 $663 is what's going on here. Um value area low not until $673. So we've got, you know, a lot of room upside. If we go to the 30-minute chart, let's just do our general analysis. Where we sitting? Above the pivot. That pivot is $653. Are we above the Vwap? No, we're below the Vwap, but the Vwap is generally upward trending. So the dips are buys. You might go, yeah, but it's Donald Trump here. Yes, they're hunting for sport. Here is a flat 50 simple moving average, a flat 200. I would not be surprised to see us come all the way back down. Okay? If we build pressure at $653, where the pivot is, it'll give these moving averages a chance to lift. Which, from a seasonality perspective, it tells us we've got that upward flow. Let me show you that. Um Let's Let me Let me show you that. Uh Let's look at it for spy. I start looking at these in the morning. If we stare down spy, we can see that it's fairly sideways here. Little bit up, little bit down, but if we go to presidential election years, you can see we've got the midterms. You can see we've got a lot more negative drift. It tells us that we should have a bounce coming in a couple of weeks or in the next week, and then a fade um into May. I know a lot of us think, how can that possibly work? But, my friends, it sure does. All right. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, those are our levels that we want to stare down. Momentum very positive. So, sitting above the moving averages and having positive momentum, except for this dip, it says, hey, let's find support and try a bounce. That could be the anchored V web from the last full trading day at $653. All right, folks, that's it. Take care. I'll see you soon.
