VIDEO 040: https://youtu.be/kkR0jgPpUTQ

Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, April the 2nd. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and this is the Money Bowl Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by Mentha Cube, market analytics by Trade Wave. So, what are we looking at? We've got upward flow for 2 days, and then now we are sitting once again under our pivot. We've got jagged flow. If we take a look at the daily chart, we're going to see that that flow is going to remain jagged, very likely. Could it be some sort of sloppy mean reversion to the 200 as it rotates down? Probably. Okay? We do have negative market analytic flow, and I expect that to continue. Pretty crummy in terms of uh in terms of direction. Okay. So, what are we staring down here? Where are we? We are in Did I say it was the 2nd of April? Yes, it's the 2nd of April. We are underneath the anchored view up of yesterday. We're under the pivot. Momentum is very negative. It's really just dragging the floor right here. What could that mean? Well, it just continues to dribble down. A lot of times people like to use this floor in momentum to predict an upward reversal. That can be the case. But, when we've got ourselves under the and under the view up, and our momentum is down, we will usually dribble to the downside. Now, that being said, the 50 is above us, but the 200 on the 30-minute chart is below us. It's flat. And so, this also gives us an opportunity for a bounce. What else? was a key level to watch earlier as resistance. Now, 6517 or so is that support floor. And they're trying to get us back up over 6560. Take a look at how jagged this uh volume profile is. It's just atrocious. That tells us we are going to have candle wicks and candles that move up and down, up and down. So, you want to be very careful. Eagle eye where you want to get in. So, let's suggest that the eagle eye event here is the anchored VWAP from 2 days ago and this 6517. Where would my stop be? Well, it'd be under 6500 because that is yesterday's pivot. We could also have a floor sitting at 6474. If I put up our gamma lines, we can see also the put wall sitting down at 6500. The last time we were sitting down at a put wall, it bounced very sharply. And that was down here. Put wall has moved up. The call wall is still 6800. I got to tell you, I this market bounces or sells. Bounces or sells. Where is the space where you want to stop selling? If you get over the anchored VWAP and you get over the pivot, and you move from the blue dotted line that gives us negative gamma flow below and positive gamma flow above, and look at how noisy it is in that pocket. So, be careful. Be very, very careful. My thought is bounces are sell zones. Target spaces for the bounce failure 6600. If we cannot catch our footing, we will not get above 6566. My thought is if you are trying to go short, and it breaches 6566, probably better to wait until it gets way up here into the 6600 area, or just turn around and consider long following the VWAP trying to make yourself up into this area. I don't like that situation. My suspicion would be the deep dips give me the bounce. So, I'm going to wait for it. And if I miss the bounce area, I'm going to let it stabilize here before I decide what to do. And the here, of course, is at 6600. Man, that took a long time. Okay. That's a lot of lines. What are we looking at here? What are all these lines? Let's take them off, then. So noisy. All right. So, what are we staring down here in the NQ? Let's go to NQ1. And if we're staring this down, we should have the same problem. Sticky bits, noisy, it's much closer to the 200. That 200 is 24,576. The floor, we're testing it right now. 23,800. Looks pretty bad. What have we been doing? Well, for 2 days we were above the pivot. Now we're below it. Always orient yourself. Where is price? Price is under the pivot, under the anchored VWAP, under the daily VWAP, under the 50, above the 200. What's it likely looking for? Support. Where is that support? We can see on the daily chart this zone near 23,800 is important, but not critical in this juncture. My suspicion would be the number we look for is 23,600, which is yesterday's pivot. We are in negative structure. So, the bounces are sales. Where does the price action take over and become a little bit more bullish? Above 24,000, but again, we're caught in a space that suggests these bounces are sales. And so, if you buy this bounce without a look above and hold, it's going to be nasty. Okay? So, that being said, what do we have below us? 24,445. Above us, value area high, 24,324. Value area low, 23,800 and 70? 880. Okay. So, notice we're above the closing candlestick of the prior day, excuse me, below the closing candle of the prior day. We are below the 6:30 candle. We had this huge 9:30 sell-off, 9:00 to 9:30 sell-off, and then 4:00 a.m. candle, we just lost the floor with it. Just lost the floor of the 4:00 a.m. Same thing on the ES chart. Stick with micro Bitcoin. Not not so hot. All these charts look really bad. Let's go to the daily. Still trying to hold the floor? That floor is 65, but if it fails, again, we have a lack of liquidity. So, if 65 fails, we're back at 60. And then 54. That would be next. If it holds, and there's a fair bit of volume here. So, if it holds, we could dance back up the 75. We've got very jagged floor. Bounces are still sell zones as we sit below the 50 and well below the 200. On the 30-minute chart, we're really looking at the same numbers. Where are we? Okay, we're below the pivot. We're below yesterday's anchored VWAP. We're below a 50 that's down. We're below the VWAP that's down. We're below the 200 that's down. We have momentum that's very negative. What does that tell us? Bounces are sells. Where's the best sell area? Into the VWAP which sort of corresponds to value area low this morning, 67,410. Losing that zone uh of 66,400 sends us into 65,100. That's my thought. I don't believe that we bounce. If we do, value area high, 68,000, and then momentum events could send us to the top of the box at 69,400. So far, I'm not enthusiastic about that actually occurring. Okay. All right, very sharp rhetoric last night. Uh this is interesting though. Negative divergence. Positive flow, negative divergence. So, bigger money is positioning away from the big prices. They're using these bounces to get to resistance and exit. Let's take a look at the 30-minute chart. I think gamma flows are going to be very important here. Indeed. Let's take a peek at them and let me remove all these annotations. So, where are we? Well above the value area. Value area low, 9950. Value area high, 10360. Big breach of a gamma line right there and 110 is the call wall. Mercy. Yeah. Um this is being run very hot. A lot of reasons traders are have to unwind any shorts that they got in thinking that this was going to be a really nice area to blue skies. What you will notice is that the market is not the inverse of this anymore. Right? The market is not going straight down. The market is dribbling sideways. Let's use the ES as a reminder. It's got a little bit of dribble. So, we are disconnected from oil. What we are connected to, my friends, broken record, the dollar. And the dollar is screaming above 100 again. Tough. It's a very, very tough oil just zooming all the way to 110. So, what do we got? We're above the pivot, above the anchor view up of the prior day, above the 200, above the 50, above the view up, above value area high, above the zero DTE call wall, which is 105. What's the storyboard here? It is zooming to the north. Lots of positive momentum. Could it collide into 110? Yes. You know, I saw some predictions that say 120. If we do Fibonacci on this, peak to trough, we see 111, 117, and then 122. Higher higher oil is here to stay, my friends. It's very sad, but it is the case. So, interestingly, this is WTI, uh West Texas crude, West Texas intermediate, and um Brent crude is soaring, Qatari crude soaring. It's just they're very disconnected. So, that being said, dips are buys. What's the first dip? The breakout area of 106.41 or the view up at 104. Could you chase this? Yes, if you drew a trend line, and you kept your stop very tight, you could walk this up into the 110. Would I do it? Not on this time frame. I would collapse to a 1-minute and look for my pullbacks either into my 50 or my 200. That's That's how I would work this one. And it has been reverting back to that 50. You can see it. Definitely, okay? All right. Wow. If for happenstance it fades, 103.54 to that 99.50. We'll see. We shall see. Let's go to gold. Gold fading, sharp fade, and now testing the the 200 and trying to bounce off of it. Now, notice what it's done every time it's bounced off of this 200, right? If that 200 had slope, it reverted to the direction of the slope. If it was flat, it was in the middle of a change. So, what is it here? This is direction of the slope. It's got to come back here and hold it and get above the VWAP for us to have any good traction. What is that VWAP? 4664. The line in the sand. Probably support level one at 4692. The chart is approaching value area high and trying to stay above it. Value area high 4624. Value area low 4522. Dips are buys in this rotation. Now, could the price of the pricing of the dollar sort of change that? Potentially. But, what we're seeing is dips to the 200 and price action trying to hold it. Let's look at the daily to be sure. Yep. We're trying to get right back in to this pocket of congestion. And that's outside of value area high on the daily chart as well. It's very, very interesting. Okay. Where's the go no go line? Gamma flow turns negative underneath and we've got a pivot here at 4560. And so, that's what we'll stare down. That's That's what we'll stare down. Yikes. Yeah, these price actions, they are they're not they're not friendly. They're not friendly. Here goes the spy. We are in another fade. Dollar continues to rise. Here's the fade off of the ledge. Where are we headed? $642 is value area low in spy. Value area high 652. This line is going to be noisy. Where we're sitting right now in around the 642 to 647. Excuse me. Why? Uh the I could be wiped from 2 days ago. That's the first one. Huge gamma line. A flat 200. Look at this negative drift. It told us way over here the price action was not going to hold. When you notice this sort of divergence and you're far away from a moving average, that's your clear hint that the price has a very good likelihood of rotating down. So, where we headed? Value area low, but could it be choppy getting there? Yes. Very very choppy. Um sideways action. I wouldn't be surprised if we walked all the way back down. Watch your levels. Those pivots, they work very very nicely. You got some good uh you got some good price action that you can trade, but you got to be quick. Notice the wicks. All right? So, you want to be careful. It is what it is, folks. Long-term portfolios better be hedged by now, but I've been talking about that for a long time. So, that being said, here's what we have. The downward to sideways action gets resolved on the fade of this 645. Look at this. Literally no volume. So, it's going to fill that volume profile in down there at value area low. All right, folks. That's it for me. Take care. Boot strap in. See you on the streams.
