VIDEO 041: https://youtu.be/CFQPgtPPswM

Hi everyone. Today is Wednesday, April the 1st, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. We've got charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by Mentor Q, and we begin taking a look at the euro dollar. Actually, this is the dollar euro. So, we had these pretty dramatic spikes out of this very large range, and as I mentioned, really a very bad thing would be for the dollar to break out. Now, you might say, "Well, why is that a bad thing?" Well, it's because the whole world hinges on our debt. And we we just don't want that to happen. Now, if we're travelers like I am, you know, you love it when the dollar's strong, but it really, you know, it's always give and take. Something goes someplace, and if our dollar strengthens, then our products for export become much more expensive. It's very, very difficult for us to really have good earnings for our international flows. So, what we've had in the last couple of days is this dollar fade. So, take a peek. Now, I have been chanting, literally, that the market and the dollar are very closely correlated right now. And it's because we're under one, a geopolitical event, and two, the level that the dollar is at makes things tenuous. So, the closer we get to this level, the more correlated the markets will be. Now that it's coming in a little bit, we'll be watching for price action. That being said, let's take a look at the big picture and start with the ES. E-mini S&amp;P 500. Let's take a look at what we're after. Now, remember, the 200 becomes the most important thing to watch, and here it is. It's up here. And this number is about 66 70-ish. I believe it's 6661, or something like that, in the SPX, but that's where the traders are after. This 200, right? As I mentioned, statistically speaking, it is the most important indicator that you will see on your chart, because that's what big money flows follow. And that's the only reason. It's not that there's anything magical about it. All right. So, now we know what's going on. If you're listening to people going, "This bounce is whatever." Fill in whatever expletive. Just realize, we talked about this Sunday, every big house is coming out saying, "Listen, you got to prepare for a bounce. You got to prepare for a bounce." A lot of things were completely oversold, and this is simply a reflexive bounce. The question is, what's going to happen up here? My thought is, so many people are looking at this 200 that these wicks are entirely likely, which push us up into the call wall, which is 6800. So, let's go over our numbers. First of all, in the last few days, we can see that our value area is sitting underneath us very tight. So, we were coiling and then moving up. Let's talk about where we are in terms of everything else. The put wall is sitting right on top of the central pivot at 6500. That's what we have to watch. So, the put wall is there. We've moved from negative gamma to positive gamma. So, volatility is going to come in, and dips are buys, in general. We know we're headed up to this 6680. It might be that the relief rally stalls, comes all the way back down to value area, and they try it again. This is actually my suspicion, that we rotate from down to up to down to up to down to up, and then, you know, we resolve downward. From uh statistical perspective, that's apparently where we're headed for the summer. Okay. So, now we're staring this down, and what we can see today is dips are buys. Let's look at how strong the formation is. Call wall up here at 6800, value area high, 6490, value area low, 6400. So, we got about 90 points sitting here. If we added up to the top, that's 6590, and then if we added up again, it's 6680. And so, we can see that that measured move is about 2x of this value area that we're staring down. All right. Our pivot, as I mentioned, 6500. Yesterday's pivot, 6407. So, the pivot is almost 100 ES points higher. It's pretty dramatic. It's really dramatic, but that's what happens when sellers have to turn around and buy the market to get out of their shorts, and indeed, if they see the rise into the daily 200, they want to buy to get part of that upward move into that space. The recovery of the 200 and staying up over the 200 is going to shift the market structure dramatically, and we could have really an epic short squeeze in general, but we're not looking at that yet. We are above the last 30-minute candlestick of yesterday. We are above the Globex open candlestick. We are above the 4-hour candlestick, but not by much. This is what we're dancing around right now. We've had 2 and 1/2 hours since Europe opened up, and they're trying to get up over the top of that 4:00 a.m. candle. Where's the VWAP? It's below us as support. Where's the 200? Well below us. Where's the 50? Where's this 100? I can't remember. I think this is the 50. Let's see. Yes. The 50 well below us, and this line here at 6550, I think that becomes our rotation event, because that's the difference between positive gamma and negative gamma. Okay? So, rotationally, that's what we're staring down up into these zones of interest. What do we want to look for? Well, how does 9:30 open? 9:30, it's going to be pretty important. We want to see it rise and close above this 4:00 a.m. candle. If we do that, it's another trend up day. Another trend up day. See how it worked out here? We called the trend upward. This 9:00 candle is going to say, "Hey, let's see if we trend." If we do not trend, the first thing that's going to happen is we're going to break the 4:00 to 4:30 candlestick low. So, that's going to be for aggressive longs, if we lose 6590, step aside. Let it come into the 30-minute closing, 3:00 to 3:30, in that space, 6560, and again, 6550. You could short it. You'd be under the VWAP, but it'd be counter trend, so it's better to short the bounce that fails, the look above and fail, as JJ says. All right. So, that's what we're staring down in general. Momentum, negative. So, here's the one thing that tells us we don't have a ton of energy heading to the upside, and that is this negative momentum as price action holds steady. The problem is that they're still holding higher lows. So, all that negative momentum means is I'm searching for the higher low. If, per happenstance, I'm totally wrong, and we lose 6550, the central pivot at 6500 is where we're headed. Very low volume node. That's entirely likely. Okay? It's going to try and bounce again off that 200, where the value area high is sitting. Okay. NQ. Let's have a go. Daily, let's see where their 200 is. The 200 on the NQ, 200 simple moving average, is right at value area low for the broad daily chart. That's 24,576. Let's go to the 30-minute, and let's do our assessment. Where are we in terms of price relative to the chart? Well, we're dancing around the VWAP, but the VWAP is generally positive. We have negative momentum relative to price. Our central pivot is well below us, 23,615. Value area high is 23,658. Value area low is also support level one at 23,250. So, what's the storyboard? 50 simple moving average up, 200 down, but flattening. This is pullbacks are buy only. With the negative momentum, the go no-go line in my mind, if we can't stay above 23,980, let's say, we are going to try to fill in the flow into the zero DTE pivot. Excuse me, the zero DTE gamma line. And that's 23,800. That looks like a stopping point to me because it matches the 50 at this juncture. Now, dips or rise all the way down to the central pivot. But, if it loses this VWAP and does a look above and fail, we're going to have more downside flow. What am I looking for for all of my charts? I'm looking for the deep dips that turn to buys because I'm working everything relative to that 200. I'm using it as my anchor point. So, if I'm staring things down, I'm going to go if I say, "Hey, I'm going to look at a 5-minute." I'm going to wait for it to come in to that 200 and then see if I can take it there from a 5-minute formation. If it breaks, I'm out very quickly. And I can reset. But, this bullish line and my momentum tells me that my dips or rise. So, that's that's my anchor point. Put wall 23,000, same as before. Call wall 24,750. Let's go to Bitcoin. This one should have had a pretty good bounce. Huh, sadly, not not too great. All right. So, here we have Bitcoin. It's been struggling for 3 days. Is it above the 200? Yes, but the 200 is sloping down. So, this tells me that my bounces are going to be sell zones. And so, the sell zone comes all the way into support and then we'll try a buy again because it is a cross current and we are slightly above zero here in our momentum oscillator. We are above the pivot. We're above the call wall. The pivot is 67,770. The call wall is 68,500. The VWAP is 68,000 676. So, a lot of support here. We are above the 330 close of yesterday. Our opening range candlestick was above that 330. We came in, tested our pivot, and then have moved all the way up. Our 4:00 a.m. candlestick, well, we're sitting right in the middle of it. So, again, this is the sticky bit. You could try the buy at 68,500, 68,490. But, if it fails, it's very likely to head into the point of control, which is 60 68,000 round and about. That collapses right into the 200 simple moving average. So, that will probably be a magnet today. All right? Look for the dips that buy across the board. And because we moved up so sharply in some of these others, the market is going to try and trade against it. All right. Let's take a look at oil. Oil is still up above 100. Dips are still buys. It had a low this morning. Um 9661. Holy cow. I wonder what kind of news that was. Um Everybody is talking about, you know, this, that, and the other. The Bank of England has got a ton of stuff um on Financial Juice this morning. So, they had their they had their meeting talking about recession and the like. The 10338 remains this resistance zone. This is a number I put from yesterday. Let's head into 30-minute chart. The gamma line is um Well, okay, the call wall is $110. The put wall continues to rise. It's now $90, right? It was what, 55 bucks yesterday? Crazy. We're in positive flow. $77. Below 77 we'll get to negative gamma. Probably not going to happen, folks. Probably not going to happen. All right. So, what are we staring down? Today looks bearish. We're under the pivot. We're trying to get above the VWAP. We're trying to hold the 200. So, it's a mixed bag. Underneath the pivot says negative. But, if we get back above the VWAP and the 200, it says we are hunting for resistance. What is that likely resistance? Well, it's the point of control, 10186, or it's the central pivot line. Easily. That's what we're staring down. Let's look at our Okay, that happened at 12:30. That's not the normal close. All right, where is this one? Let's go to our closing candle. That's 2:00 p.m. Something sticky right here [snorts] at $100.44. That That seems to make a little bit of sense. Somewhere around there. That's a pivot from yesterday. So, my thought is don't put a sell order there. The central pivot and the POC, or the point of control, are going to have a bigger traction event for the chart. Especially since the 200 is upward. Okay? So, you want to be careful about that. The flows, momentum starting to break down. It's under zero, but they are moving into resistance. So, bounces are sells. You just have to be super careful on the bounce because as you know, things could get very sticky very quickly in oil. And the market is running a little contrary to oil in general. Okay? Let's take a look at gold. Gold continuing to rise. It's well above bounced off its 200 how many days ago? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 days ago. Doing very nicely. It's still in range and in value on the day. That's very interesting. So, what do we think about that? It could be a resistance zone. It could be. If it is, Huh. Where's the daily line? $40. The call wall is 5,000 thereabouts. The put wall 4400 thereabouts. Let's go to our 30-minute chart and let's do some measurement. When is the closing? It's one of these candlesticks right here for our closing formation. So, we are well above that. And that number is really at the central pivot, 4623. That's our clean support zone. The 200 is way down here. Momentum is divergent. So, they are approaching resistance in a bullish environment. So, it could be that they are going to find higher support zones to take the chart north. So, where would that be? Opening range candlestick low. Other pre-market lows. 4679. That's the go no-go line for me. If it loses that edge, it's going to the central pivot of 4626. It's in positive gamma flow. We are above trend for all of the motions. The 4:00 a.m. candlestick, we're still in the midst of it. We have not resolved. None of our charts have resolved through the European open yet. None of them. And so, what this tells us is they're trying to build structure here. If they break out, we go to the north again. If they break down, we're going to start retracing our edges and that might give us another dip buy into where the gamma flow sits. Very, very interesting. Support level one in the pivots is 4550. 200 on the simple moving average on the 30-minute chart is 4530. SPY. Today looks a little sticky to me. Could easily go up or the sellers could come in and try to fight for dominance. Hard hard to say. Why do I Why do I have this? I don't want to see this. All right. Let's look at SPY and let's see where their 200 is. The 200 on SPY is 60. A lot of sixes. So, put wall 630. We bounced off of that very nicely. Call wall 700. We've had that call wall there for a month of Sundays, it feels like. So, what are they trying to do? Get us back into positive gamma flow. That's going to pull down volatility. Market's going to settle out. So, that's what they're trying to do. Now, will they get there? No clue. But, what we do know is that value area low on the daily chart is 673. Let's go to the 30-minute. Let's see what we've got. Man, that's super noisy. I got to change the style of this. Hang on 2 secs. Okay. So, let's take a Let's take a long look at what's happening here. 50 upside. We've had the pivot rising. This is the third day that the pivot's rising. The 200 is below us and flat. The 50 is below us and moving upward. We're above the pivot. We're above the last 30 minutes of the trading day. We're above the opening candle formation. Uh in general, but we're still all of us are dancing through the high low range of the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. Right? So, a lot of a lot of inactivity here. It could be that we have some news coming. I haven't looked at the calendar. But, the buyers could also be exhausted. And if that happens, you know, they're going to take profit. If they take profit, they're going to be selling. If they sell, price is going to come down. Where is Whoa, look at that POC. Okay, the point of control sticks out like a sore thumb right there. That's 647. That's an interesting line in the sand. That's probably the best buy zone for us. If they chase the market north, you could follow along. That number is above 655 or the retest of 652. Okay? Dips are buys. But, the dips could be savage. What you want to do is just trade small or not at all. Market is always going to give you something very interesting. You're going to learn and grow with each piece of it. But, don't don't rush in, as the saying goes. Only fools rush in. Right? So, then measure yourself. And this 4:00 a.m. candlestick is really going to tell the tale across the board. Okay, everybody. Take it easy. And I'll see you on the streams.
