VIDEO 042: https://youtu.be/oISafgpMAYw

Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Band and today is Tuesday, March the 31st. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menthor Q. We're taking a look at the ES. As you recall, or I hope you recall, you've been watching the videos, you know I said we're going to have very choppy formations down here. That's exactly what we had yesterday. We moved off of the low of pre-market into almost the high of pre-market and then gave it all back. That's likely what we are to see today. Now, how do you know that there's the potential that we're going to give it all back? All right, so let's let's talk about that. First things first, what's trend? 200 is down. 50 is down. The web is up. So, we are in a bounce zone trying to resolve over the pivot. What happens? We get up over the pivot and in the 9:30 candlestick we fail. So, until that happened, it looked like we could have some trend. The moment that 9:30 candlestick stops disagreeing, we have to start walking backwards and saying, "All right, how are we in relation to Europe's open?" All right, well, we lost the low of Europe's open. And we had a failure to reach the high of the pre-market. That suggests we're going to step into the next closest candlestick. For us, it was the 3:30 close. Look, we bounced right off of it. Here's that 3:30 close. Right? We bounced off of it at the 9:30 candle, came up, could not resolve above the pivot. Which left, of course, the low of that candle. And then the Globex candle and we retraced all of that. So, remember, trend is ultimately your friend and what we want to see are moving averages that support price and we rise above the pivot. Lo and behold, that's what we've got today. We're above the 50, below the 200, so we're still looking for resistance, but above things that tell us we've got bullish action. Now, whatever happened in the overnight here, that's pretty big move. The Globex event was broken on both sides and now here we are up at 4:00 a.m. trying to battle the high of the 4:00 a.m. candle. That's also the first resistance zone with the pivots. So, let's orient. Where are we? Above the pivot, in between the 200 and the 50, momentum is positive, but downward. And so, dips into the pivot are buys. What's the storyboard we want to watch? Well, we're going to take the playbook right from here. If we break and and get a pre-market high that the 9:30 candlestick cannot hold, we've got ourselves another downward flow. However, if the 9:30 candlestick does hold, it comes in, tests the pivot, and then closes above that 4:00 a.m. candlestick formation, we've got ourselves a trend. And that trend could be quite sharp if all of these buyers that everybody is saying they're going to buy, both Goldman and JP Morgan put out something that said, "Hey, listen, systematic buying is going to start in the next couple of weeks." Seasonality also agrees with that. So, we should we should see a little bit of a bounce pattern. You might go, "How can seasonality work when we've got all this war stuff?" I don't know, but it does. Okay? So, let's go through the levels. We know what value area high low is. I spoke about that. Pre-market low, 6360. Pre-market high, currently 6458 or so, 6460. It looks like we're going to go up into the gamma line at you know, we could easily test 6500, which is where that 200 is sitting. 6500, 6530, those are my top levels I would suspect we would head after. And if we lose this 4:00 a.m., we're going to walk right back down. This is the zero DTE put wall at 6400. The the big put wall is at 6300 and we've got demand that sits at 6360. So, could be a mess, but they are building structure that tells us we've got a shot at further upside. Let's take a look at the NQ. Same storyboard. Let's do our orientation. Are we above the pivot? Yes. Are we above the moving averages? Well, kind of. We're above the V web and we're walking through a flat 50. So, not as much structure, but take a look. You see this blue line right here? This blue dotted line? This flips us from negative gamma below to positive gamma above. And so, these gamma lines are likely to be magnets upward into our other gamma walls. Value area low, 23,117. Value area high, 25,560. What's it say? You know, dips are buys. Could the dips be very big and bring us down into the put wall at 23,000? Yes, they could. Could they also hold the pivot? Yes, they could. So, the go no go line is going to be just underneath that pivot where we see price action resolving. And the pivot line in the ES is going to also be the go no go. For the NQ, that pivot line is 23,000 or so, 23,230 somewhere. Let's go back and get that ES pivot. The pivot is 6405 for the ES. Let's uh let's continue and finish up our targets. For the NQ, upward flow, probably that 200, 23,783. You might say, "Holy cow, lady, that's 300 points." Yes, but not unreasonable for the NQ. We want to watch that resistance zone first up at around 23,600. That's what we want to stare down. Okay? But, we are building structure that says if we can close over this 4:00 a.m. candle and our 9:30 candle begins above, we'll be in good shape. Okay? Let's go to micro Bitcoin. This is where we look for liquidity flows. Quite as beautiful. However, yesterday Bitcoin did not break the low. Would it be today that they come back and test that low? The put wall sits below at 65,000. Value area is very tightly compacted around 65,770 and 67,620. Let's orient. Are we above the pivot? No, but we are testing it. What's momentum? It's down. Doesn't look pretty good. What is the slope of our moving averages? Where are they in relation to price? Well, they're above price and that means they're going to form resistance. So, this Bitcoin traction tells us we've got downward flow unless and until we break above I'd say 69,000. Anything into that range probably going to give us a good sell zone. Okay? Put wall. 65,000, call wall 64,500. Look at how negative the gamma is. This is the gamma wall that flips us from positive gamma to negative gamma. We are in negative drift. So, increase volatility and a little bit more suction to the downside highly likely. Though, a bounce, if we get a deep candle formation and a bounce, that looks pretty good. All right, let's go to oil. Oil is holding steady upward and it should, even if the rhetoric from across the pond uh dies down, oil is going to stay up. We we have massive global disruption and repricing of oil in all kinds of different currencies. We used to just have the petrodollar, but now people are taking oil in all different varieties of payment. And that essentially weakens the dollar's grip on the price of oil, but WTI is what we are going to focus on. Who cares about that other macro stuff? Let's let's orient ourselves. Where's the value area? Low, $99.50. High, value area high, $105. Okay? So, here we are up at 10710. I don't know if you guys heard D yesterday. She really called this flow absolutely beautifully. Um when we were on um the show together. Really good looking trade. My goodness, that girl is just she's absolutely fantastic. So, what are we looking at now? We have the opening range being battled. We just tried to battle over that opening candlestick formation and failed. That's 105. That's going to give us a fair resistance zone to break. Above it, we're back at 107 to 109. Okay? Below it, we're looking at to the put wall No, this is the call wall, which is 100. Where is that put wall? Oh my goodness, put wall. What? Wow. Okay. So, that's where we're sitting. We are sitting in sideways formation. Let's orient ourselves. Where's the pivot? Are we above it or below it? Well, currently we're above it, but we've been dancing around it the entire time. Anchored VWAP from yesterday 102 and some change. Support level one at 101 is where they are dancing around. That's a good space for long. Above it, uh it should be bullish. So, that that ought to be the go no go line somewhere around 101. The goal, of course, of the administration is to get it lower, but trend is clearly upward. So, dips are going to be buys. Right now, we're in a very sideways pattern, very very sideways, and the trend is a little bit lower because the opening formation and the last 30 minutes of the trading day are above us in terms of price. Right now, this is the closing candle, the 2:00 p.m. candle for Eastern uh Standard Time, Eastern Daylight Time, excuse me. And now, we are coming in to test that close at 10338. If we can't hold it, we'll head down into the low of that 3:30 candlestick. And that's going to give us 10231. If we lose that zone, we probably have got ourselves some downside pressure into yesterday's pivot flow, which is right around 98. Let's take a look at gold. Gold contract rolling over uh into a new month, not rolling over in terms of price. Lifting pretty nicely. Right? Look at the pivot flows. So, price action is moving up. Let's take a peek at location. Where is the pivot? Well, it's below us, so it's support. That means dips are buys in general. Where's the 200? Also below us, providing support. Where's the 50? It's below us, providing support. Where's the VWAP? Sideways. That's something for us to watch. Where is the call wall? Also sitting right up here at 45 4600 something like that. That's round and about where that wall is. Higher lows, higher highs, pullbacks are buy zones. The anchored VWAP would be a great place to get the price to come in and give us a go. That's 4530. I I like that one. Okay? I I do. I like that one. Upper edges a solid gamma line at 4600 60, excuse me. All right. Below us, well, we're in positive gamma, so that flip line is 4478. Look at where value area is. Very far below us. 4390, volume area high 4460. We're breaking back out of that great big sideways zone that we've been in for about a week. Now, if we stared at that way, we can see that the stretch is outbound could easily bring us back in to another higher low before we break out. Okay? Remember, uh these metals have a tendency to break and then come right back in. It's the higher low that you want to take if you're going long and trending these price actions to the north. Woah, that is noisy. Take a look at spy. Here we go. Spy formations, upside well above the pivot very big gap into yesterday's pivot. Today's pivot is down here at 633. That's giving us a big bounce. I think a lot of people are trying to get in front of what they think are flows coming in for these advisors. Um you know, sometimes front running a move works and sometimes it doesn't. So, there you have it. I would just be concerned about just having jagged moves that don't retrace, and I do believe we're about to have four or five days of this very jagged sideways motion, bouncing up, giving it all back. And you know, that's what we've been doing premarket for a fair bit of time. And so, if the if the flows shift, you know that where we're headed is the 200 simple moving average on the 30. And that could be a pretty solid ride to the north if it comes. All right? Pretty nice price action. First target upward is 641, and then look at where the value area is, 649, right around that 200 simple moving average, and then 660. Easily, that's where we go if we see buying formations come to the fore. All right? That's it for me. Be careful, everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
