VIDEO 043: https://youtu.be/EDUO41XN87o

Hi everyone. Today is Monday, March the 30th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Mentha Queue and we're taking a look at the E-mini S&amp;P continuous contract on the daily formation. If this bounce surprises you based on all the news that we keep reading that's very negative, check out my YouTube video last night on Market Kickoff on Topstep TV. We did the open, talked about what was possible, and you can see that that bounce is beginning. A lot of people surprised that futures are green, but smart money is going to unwind the last time we unwound. See, you know, I say this a lot. No offense to my very smart traders out there, but those of us who've been making a living in the markets for decades, we're simpletons. We look for support and we look for resistance. And that's all we look for. And then we manage our risk and we say, "Hmm, what did it do the last time it was here?" And we trade that until it doesn't work and then we do something else. Very simplistic. So, henceforth, here we are. Why? Because we bounced right off of these levels last time. 6360. That's our zone. We want to take a look at it. There's a lot of demand down here. The zero DTE put wall is about 6300. And then we've got some more demand that stretches into 62 50-ish. 6240-ish. Something like that. All right. So, here we are in a bounce. Remember, in bear markets, and we are in a bear market right now, in bear markets, the expectation is that bullish bounces will give us the most violent upsides that we can have. It makes us think everything's all right. But, what's happening is the shorts are unwinding and the more that the shorts unwind, the more they have to unwind or else they're going to lose all the money that they made going short days ago. Okay? So, let's take a look at the levels. We've got our flow, so let's set up the formations. What is the slope of motion? Well, it's down. Right? We have the 200, we have the 50. It's down. We're above the V web. That part is saying we've got positive flow underneath. Look at how sharp the oscillator is. The momentum oscillator is incredibly sharp, meaning these guys, they are catching the bid over and over and over again. Oh, it comes in, I'll take it up. All right? Where's the pivot? The pivot's above us. So, what's it telling us? Little bit of a mixed bag, but as long as we hold that V web at 6400, they're going to try and cross that pivot. Now, what do you want to do? Don't buy the breakout when the trend is negative. Don't buy the break. Listen, could you actually buy the break? Yes, but what expands when you buy the break up here? Risk. And the goal is trim the risk down so that you can move where price is going to be. Okay? Very nice trade. What are they trying to do? Lift and get through the pivot. Notice, if we go down to something like a 5-minute, this is where our trend is changing place, taking place, excuse me. 200 below us, 50 below us, slope of the 200 down, slope of the V web up, mixed bag. What are they headed for? The V web. The anchored, excuse me, the anchored V web from yesterday, excuse me, Friday, is uh what is that? 6496. They're headed up here. They're going to hold this edge, a lot of demand sitting right here. This is bullish flow. It's bullish flow right now because they're headed here. This is the next road sign they have to get through. And so they're going to work at getting through the road sign. Overnight, here's all the value area. And so we see what's going on. Okay? All right. What's the storyboard for today? Listen, we could do anything. Markets could bounce into this congested area that the pivot will bring and then rotate right back down. We could also catch a bid and start rotating up. The 200 is here. So, if we start rotating up, the move into entirely possible. Bigger traders are looking at 65 30. The put wall is 6500. So, they're trying to recapture this put wall. Notice, and folks still have such tough time with market makers. I'm going to have to invite a market maker to come on my show and actually talk about what goes on because a lot of people have what market makers do as very mixed up. But in any case, market makers have to increase their negative position once they leave the put wall so that their delta becomes zero. When this starts to unwind, they will also unwind and push it to the north. Okay? So, my suspicion is that we are headed to 6514, 6500, somewhere around there. Will it be today? I have no idea. Will it be tomorrow? I have no idea. What's the space? Listen, bounces are sell zones. Dips are buys. Why? Because we have a cross current. So, watch for the formation, realize the biggest lines in the sand are the signs the lines that everyone else watches for and trade at those spaces. Okay? Upward flow again, 6514, 6530. That's where the flows are sitting. Uh pullbacks are buy zones if we hold the V web and that is 6400 at this particular time. The above-below line, I think that's going to be right around 6400. If not, we'll double bottom and we'll see how it goes. All right. Let's do the NQ. All right. Let's go to the daily. Interesting. Put wall below us at 23,000. Zero DTE put wall at 23,250. We are above that. All right. Notice, to the left, a lot of noise. Could see big bounce up, big big pullback down, big bounce up, big pullback down. This is what we are expecting. Okay? All the data science that I run on the back end says this is very likely what we see over the next 30 days. Okay? So, not not even Yeah, about 30 days. Okay? So, ultimately, our bounces are going to give us more places to sell because we're in negative traction, but the bounces could be big. The line in the sand where gamma flow flips from negative to positive is this one right here at 24,000 even. That's going to shift our flow. Let's jump to the 30-minute. Okay. Always observe, orient, decide, act. Let's do the observation. We are sitting under the pivot with negative moving averages sitting above the V web sitting above the zero DTE put wall with extremely positive momentum. Okay? This tells us that they're catching the bid. That's our observation. Now let's orient. Very negative flows. Put wall support potentially below us. V web potentially providing support. The go, no go line is very likely going to be that V web. Now, look at the squishy bits in the overnight where we lose the V web, dance around it for hours, and then recapture it. Could that same thing happen? Absolutely. We want to watch for higher lows. If we see those higher lows, it's going to give us a shot at buying the dip. Why am I thinking about buying the dip? Because flows are extremely negative and big money is going to unwind just a little bit of this flow. All right. We are very far below value areas. Also mean reversion event. Now, mean reversion is going to probably be extremely swift and then reversion back to trend, but it's hard to say. The box is shifting. What I know is my 50 is going to take precedence and it's negative, so I'm going to sell the bounce. I'm also under the pivot. If I begin to be above the pivot and the 50 is honoring me, then I'm going to try and buy the dip up into the higher resistance zone, and that is the pivot level one, 23,750. I talked about where the gamma wall is that flips off flips us from positive to negative gamma. We know that that number is 24,000. Ultimately, that's what we're staring down. Below us, we know the put wall is 23,000, and then the pivot to the south, 22,750, with the with the go no go line being somewhere around the VWAP. It's could be very messy for making a turn here. Very, very messy. This momentum also tells me that we are potentially in an updraft if we can get ourselves above the pivot. All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin. Let's take a look at this one. See if the daily's Oh, for heaven's sakes. Bitcoin trying to hold its base. This is a great place to really try long if you're thinking about going long in Bitcoin at the 65,000 area. It'll take us back up to 76, 75, and then it's any man's game. Okay? Put wall sitting below us, 4,800 or so. Call wall well above us at 6,000, and look at where all of the volume is, well above us in here. Between 85 and uh what is that? 95? 100. But, I say 95 in general. You can see the supply zone sitting here in red. All right, let's go to the 30 minute. Remember, Bitcoin gives us a liquidity measure. And so, these uh these holdings on the 30 minute give us a little bit of a clue of what might be happening in the future. Number one, let's do our uh observation orientation. Where's the pivot? Below us. So, we've got a little bit of a bullish slant. Where's the Where's the VWAP? Below us. Also a bullish slant and trending upward just a wee bit. Okay? Flattening out a little. We're building pressure and creating a new area of value between 65 and uh 68, let's say. All right? So, trying to hold value. So, where are we with relation to the 50? Well, the 50 is downward sloping, but we're above it. And the 200 is downward sloping, and we're below it. So, they're trying to carve out new areas of support. In this environment, dips are buys with the go no go line right at the anchored VWAP and the current VWAP, which is about 66,800. Could it come all the way back down to the put wall and bounce again? Yes, that number is 65,000. You could also take the long there. They are trying to build pressure. Demand zone also building at the baseline here, that's 67,450. Upper regions, Friday's pivot, and the first line of resistance is 68, 800, and then Friday's pivot 69,500. Be careful shorting here, folks. This market is here to take your money. Just saying. Okay. Let's take a look at oil. Now, here's the thing. Everybody's blaming Iran for oil not passing the Strait of Hormuz. Everybody's saying, "Oh my goodness." You know, whatever the rhetoric is. Here's my personal service announcement. Number one, do not believe everything that you are reading. Now, you might interpret this as, "Okay, well, I never believe those guys anyway, so there we have it. I'm good." I'm going to tell you, whatever side you lean on is not telling you something. The The truth is clear as mud. Here's what we know. The reason these tankers are not moving through the strait is because insurance is not allowing them to move through the strait. Lloyd's of London, Reichsbank, uh whomever, all of those guys, they're not letting these tankers pass without extraordinary levies. And those extraordinary levies, in the form of insurance, are stopping them from flowing because if they pay the insurance, at the end of the day, they're not going to make any money. So, they're waiting for things to settle. In the meantime, we've got this big mess. All right? And for anybody that thinks the term follow the money isn't real, you need to go look in the mirror. This is all about money and power, every single every single second of it is about money and power. So, moving on. Listen, I'd love for us to be better as humans, but we're not. We're not. So, you might think that you would be in that space. I admire you for that. At the end of the day, we know what we know. So, here we go. End of public service announcement. Hope you felt the need to fast forward. I didn't really want to have to say it, but I just folks are getting bent out of shape, and there's just nothing nothing we can do about it. Nothing. All right. So, what's oil doing this morning? It's kind of fading, right? It's sitting flat. The VWAP is flat. Dips are still buys. We're above the pivot. The 50 is moving upward. The 200 is upward. We're above the call wall, which is 100. And this area at 100 is a very sticky zone. At this particular juncture, is that line where we go if we head up over there, we're going to start hitting the bigger pivots, and that is 10420, and then 107. A lot of people calling for $200 oil. You know, that that might happen. I I don't know that it's going to happen anytime soon. So, pulling back into the call wall and potentially the pivot makes for great buy zones. This 100 area easily a buy zone, goes into the 50 simple moving average. This area here, where all the inventory sitting is unwinding to the upside. If you'd like to use Fibonacci's in a pretty simplistic way, you can measure the value area and expand it up into the zone. You can see that this region around 101 is trying to prove out as support. Being under the VWAP, however, tells us that we are caught in between the ranges. So, be very careful picking a position in here. Either wait for the failure to bounce and the continuation downward under the moving averages, or you buy the dip at the call wall. All right? And you get out if it loses the demand zone, which is about I don't know, 50 cents below. So, you might want to use a micro. All right. Now, we go to gold. No, wrong. Wrong. GC2. Okay. And let's remove all the annotations. You might notice, "Hey, Emery, you didn't talk about any of the boxes that we normally talk about." Well, because nothing's definitive. We traded below the opening 30 minutes. We are trading right around the 400 4:00 a.m. There's nothing definitive showing up in any of these areas. Nothing at all. So, we're just I'm watching the bigger pictures. So, as we take a look at gold, let's put it on the daily, we can see that we're caught in this uh very tight formation. I expect gold to go sideways a little bit. Um We're coming into the call wall, and that's around and about it's 4,600. Trying to hold that zone. I I I believe we chop around for a few days. So, let's do our orientation. We're above the pivot. We're above all the moving averages. All the moving moving averages are bullish. Momentum is up. What does this tell us? Dips are buys. Where does the dip begin? Could I sell the bounce to get in on the dip and trade both sides? Well, you could. Very easily. We've got the top of the edge, 4500, 71. Let's call wall 4600, put wall 50, 4500. Dips are buys, but if the price action rolls over from here, you could potentially sell into the value area low, where everybody's sitting down. And that value area is to 4530. And it's pivot from several days past. Which might be of interest to the traders. So, is this an inverted head and shoulders or something? Could be. But here's what we know. Dips are buys because we're above the pivot, we're above the moving averages. That's what we do, okay? Levels to watch above us levels below us, the anchored VWAP is sitting at 4450. Um I'm not really sure we get out of this range today. And things could really catch and we could be very bullish and move out of the edge at the first pass. I see the traders trying to reject this zone, but they're not making lower lows. So, I expect the expansion up into this area before a solid short opens up. All right? So, that's my thought. The first pass into the zone gave us the sell but we're not seeing lower highs, and so there's no continuation there. That's the important piece to note. Okay, let's go to spy. Holy smokes, what do we got here? Besides dramatic noise. See what's going on? Same sort of thing. Under the put wall on the daily chart we've got this all of the inventory sitting well above us. We could do a little Fibonacci. Brings us, you know, fairly close to that zone where we're sitting right now at 6:30-ish. That's the floor, I believe. Today. Oh, for goodness sakes. Come on, Aunt. What are you doing? Oh, there's a fair bit of demand here. And so, I do still expect the bounce zones. Taking a look at the flow, take a look at this. You can see all the flow just by the formations building right there. And the moving averages do tell us that that is what we have, negative flow. Here's the problem. We've done the negative flow into incredible support zones, and now here we have a formation that says, "Hey, maybe I gap." Right? So, the question is, what does the whole chart look like? I'm dancing at the VWAP. the pivot is below me at 60, something like that. The put wall is above me at 640. That also happens to be the first resistance line pivot and the 50 simple moving average. I would not be surprised to see us run all the way up. I really would not. The bounces are sell zones but the bounces could be very savage because the sharpest moves upside come in bearish formations because the sellers are forced to leave the market tout suite or they're going to be upside down in their trade. All right? Low low value low volume node sitting right here at 644. We could get into that area and then chop around. Ultimately I believe the traders want to test this 200 simple moving average, and so we're going to anticipate that that's where the flow goes over the next couple of days. Could be very choppy but upside in general. As long as we hold the low of the overnights. If we break the low of the overnights all bets are off because the flow has moved back negative. However, if we hold those areas, stay above the VWAP, we're going to start climbing further to the upside. And people who are reading the news are going to get caught offsides because they are trading the narrative put in front of them which is a disguise. So, we truly are living in Plato's cave. I'm just trying to tell you. So, um I don't want to be the guy that gets killed for telling everybody what's actually happening but the allegory of the cave is a very good story board for you to go and read. All right? Okay, everybody, take care. I'll see you on the streams.
