VIDEO 044: https://youtu.be/v6wmpe-oypo

Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Band. Today's Tuesday, March the 24th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by Menter Q. What are we taking a look at? Well, we are looking at the E-mini S&amp;P on the daily. Wide angle lens, Menter Q put wall 6500, Menter Q call wall 6750. We're caught between these edges. Let me explain a little bit about what I think's going to happen in the next few days. I believe we're going to be trapped in this candlestick for several days. Notice, the last expansive candlestick was on March the 9th. We spent 2 4 6 7 8 days 9th day before we closed out of it. The 10th day, we actually closed right on the edge of it. And now we're fighting there again. Do we think this number at 6630 is important? Why, yes, we do. Right? That's a very important number. We spent a lot of days just kicking it around, especially some major days. So, this area at 6631 is going to give us um sort of a magnet. It's going to be a magnetized view. What are we looking at? Well, point of control looks like about 6645. So, again, we're looking at where all of these guys opened and closed. This candlestick is going to keep us in range for several days. That's my suspicion. If it does not if it expands to the south or it expands to the north, it will give us a tail. This is just a natural market flow. What is trend in the market currently? It's negative. It's negative. We've lost the 200 on the day and we stay below it. And, you know, Ryan Dietrich watches them all the time. He says, as many traders say, "Nothing good happens under the 200." Okay? So, and that's for bulls. Nothing good happens for bulls. Okay, zoom into the 30-minute. You're going to see the charts look a little bit different. Why? Well, we got a new VIP season coming up, and my goal is to develop mechanical structures that allow traders to actively see where the broad market is looking, and then frame out their trades from there. So, I don't I don't want you to have to do all kinds of calculations, look for where the big volume is. That's going to come with time and strength. Okay? Time and and trading strength. For right now, we're in the pre-market. So, what we do know, because our 30-minute closing candle yesterday is so vague, and our 30-minute opening candlestick is so tight, yesterday's 30-minute candlestick is master and commander. Lo and behold, my friends, 6631. Okay? Did not plan that. I That's just what these candlesticks do. Okay? So, here's the battleground. Now, so we know what the framework is. The next thing is, what about these pivots? Well, the pivot yesterday is lower than the pivot today. So, we know the traders are trying to stay to the north. What is trend? Trend is down. We are on the pivot. We are on the VWAP. Trend is down. Momentum is up. This is a clear no fly zone for trend. What this ends up being is a region that is going to be sideways. So, where's the go no go? The put wall for 0 DTE, which changes very quickly and during the day, is sitting right now at 6575. If we look at price action, we can see 6590 is really the number that we could potentially stage as a long. With the stop being 6575. So, you might say, uh-oh, it's making me update. Sorry. So, what we might say is, "Hey, I probably ought to use some micros here." Right? Probably ought to use a micro. So, there we have it. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; The value area low inside of the 30-minute formation is 6604. Value area high inside of the formation, 6690. This is sideways. Look at where the big body is. We have no volume down here per se because we just rocketed straight up and blew through a bazillion stops. Okay? Now, where might the chart go if it breaks to the north? Two things we're going to look at. Our value area high, which I just mentioned, that's 6694, and the call wall. 6749. 6750, excuse me. That's also right on top of the first pivot. So, that is a very pretty place. Also, the put wall, if it breaks south, 6500, and the pivot is sitting there also. So, this area around 6500, 6497, that's going to be the zone. Other than that, you are going to see whipsaw. Slope is very messy, and here's what I notice. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; When the trend is down from the moving average, and we are sitting above the pivot, trend is still master and commander. So, bounces are going to give us sell zones. Doesn't mean that you can't take a long. You just want to make sure that you get out at those highs that you're seeing. And right now, you can tell the traders are really trying to push high. Also, some big traders went short, excuse me, went long in this area a couple of days ago. Right? Last week Friday, some of these guys went long. They might have gotten blown out here, but I am pretty sure that some big money is trying to go long again to uh push the market to the north. Okay? So, what we really have to stare down is how the dollar is behaving, but we can talk about that some other time. All right. I noticed [cough and clears throat] that I forgot to do Bitcoin yesterday. I don't even know if I forgot to do Bitcoin all week, to be honest. I It just fell from my mind. All right. NQ, let's take a look. What's trend? Daily, downward. We have an upward moving 200, but we are under it. Put wall, 24,000. Call wall, 24,700. Okay? Same storyboard. Great big candlestick formations. Attempt to leave it, but in a range. So, we have wicks, and the candlesticks fall in the range. And look at how many days. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 days. Closes on the edge. This one is performing a little bit better than the broad market. What's our line in the sand? 24,200. Okay? Let's go to the 30-minute. What are we staring down? Downward 200. Flat VWAP. We're above the VWAP. It's flat. And our pivot, our central pivot, which is the yellow line, is sitting underneath us as support. What's momentum? Up. So, what's this tell us? Remember, the trend has to be up as well, as well as the pivot point being our support. So, this gives us a cross current. So, what does that mean? Dips are buys into resistance. So, what is that resistance? Support zone, 24,340. Resistance zone, 24,670. And then, of course, we've got 24,700 as that call wall there. Could we try to get up top here? Yes. But, as I mentioned, I suspect it is going to give us a wick. So, where could that wick end up? This is the pivot, 24,850. Perchance it does that, it is very likely to fade. Very likely to fade. Momentum is holding fairly solid, fairly steady. It's above the midline, above zero. And so, that gives us a dip buying event into resistance. Okay? So, we're going to use the pivot area to give us the flow. Now, where's the go no go line? I think it's going to be the pre-market low. Okay? And that's somewhere around 24,190. If you can pull in and bounce off of that floor, it's going to give you the dip buy. Otherwise, this is a formation that says bounces are going to bring us down into the noisy patch. Point of control looks right like right about where we are right now. Right? The point of control is sitting right where this 30-minute candlestick formation is in charge. And you can see the traders have breached the base. Oh, come on, Fred. The traders have breached the base of the 30-minute. It's going to be sitting in here. All right? 4-hour also sitting in here. 30-minute also sitting in here. This 3:30 candle is still in control. It's still in control. So, are we building an inverted head and shoulders pattern for those of you that like patterns? Maybe so. But, this is already telling us, "Hey, listen, I have my pivot as a floor. I'm above my VWAP. I'm above Excuse me. I'm on this 5-day fast. And I've got a The problem is I have a keto flu right now. So, my apologies. So, what is happening right here is this dip bringing us into support and then allowing us to go to the top of the range where we're likely to see resistance. There's really not very much supply unless we get all the way to the call wall. So, it could be very bullish, you know, whatever. Let's go to Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; And let us uh remove our lines. Let's go to the daily. Again, same thing. What's happening? Well, this is sort of like, you know, rewind, replay. We're still trying to build a base. Listen, there are a lot of people banging the Bitcoin drum right now. So, it means everything to them to hold this formation. They want to hold it. 1 2 3 4 5 days ago, we breached 75,000. The goal is for them to pull back maybe all the way to 65,000 where the put wall is to buy. That's a fairly good buy zone, 65,000. If it does that, it can go to 10,000 all the way up there. A lot of supply still sitting here. And again, if they can't do this, taking it to 85,000 where the call wall is, it's going to take us down to 50,000. Uh I'm not really sure that that happens because I think it'll sit range-bound. That's That's my suspicion. 30-day chart, same storyboard. All right, here we have our 330 candlestick of the prior day. It's holding the majority of the motion. It just broke out of it. Just broke out of it. What is the trend of the 200? It's down. VWAP is flat. Momentum is up. What's that mean? It's hunting for resistance. Where's resistance? It's going to be the supply zones. That's up here, 71,000, 72,000. You want to run with it? Not a problem. Your stop, 70,000. My suspicion, however, is because trend is down and the VWAP is flat, it's going to come right back down to 70,000. So, intraday, 70,000 is going to be a pretty nice area to consider a buy. Look at this. See, it's got no real peak, per se, other than you know, yesterday's pivot, which pulls us right around here. The pivot today is lower than yesterday's pivot. And so, it's got a trend drag sitting on it. That being said, dips could easily be buy zones here with a floor just under 70,000. So, if you're looking to trade the box and you're saying, "Hey, if it doesn't come here, I'm not going to take it." That number's about 70,200. Mhm, which is, you know, 1,000 $1,000 away from where it is right now. Want to break out, it's this whole box of inventory that's been sitting here. And that is $1,500 wide. And so, you know, that's like 93 and some change, which is really right where the max line is for uh the gamma flow from InterQ. The first pivot is 72,750. That's going to be your test. If, peradventure, it breaks down, that's $1,500 to the downside or so, about $1,500, then that gives us, you know, 6850. The pivot is 68, 260. So, that's very close. And it's heavy congestion from the past. Nice easy flow bracketed motion tells you what's going on. But again, the framework is trend down, VWAP flat. Above the pivot, dips are buys, but only into resistance. If it breaks the floor, all the buys are off the table until it hits another zone of front-line support. But why do that if you're looking at trend and momentum going down? If it loses the edge, watch for the first dip up that fails and then just ride it straight back down. All right, let's go to oil. Oil, a little bit sideways. Let's uh move all the annotations here. I am personally quite bullish energy in all forms. Um we have been in a regime for about 10 years that's bearish energy. But it's ridiculous to be bearish energy because we need energy. But all the ESG programs and the like forced uh CAPEX to be reduced across the board and this created this downward drift. Now, times are changing. Okay, so, here we have uh This is our This is [snorts] our candlestick that we're sitting in, right? This monstrosity right here from March 9th. We know this is the day that we had um We had the business in uh Iran and Israel. And so, the 50% range, well, we can eyeball it right there. It's right at 100. What are the traders trying to do? Well, they're really trying to build inventory here. It doesn't look very good, but they're trying to build inventory up here. This is where all the inventory actually is. And so, they are well above cost basis in terms of, well, you know, we are really making some cash. The base of this candlestick at about $78, $79, potentially our floor. Potentially. We could lose the edge, but it's going to bounce. If From my from my opinion, okay? It's going to bounce. So, what are we staring down? We've got another big candlestick yesterday. We're going to sit inside of this range, which is inside of this range. So, got the double whammy looking there. So, let's go into the 30-minute. Realize you got a lot of rangy stuff. We can see that we are below value, but in range of the prior trading day. If we just use as our formation, it's going to show us in range, of course, of the prior day and also in value. It's really sitting right at the volume point of control at this line. So, this 89 level really important. A lot of demand underneath, supply all the way to the north. So, let's get some of our levels. Let's talk about it. Pivots. Today's pivot, lower than yesterday's pivot. Trend? It's down. VWAP is flat. Okay? Sideways current. Bounces are sell zones. Are we sitting in a range? Why, yes, we are. Where is that range? It's a big box of inventory. And that inventory box is about that wide. with the wick that's a higher low at 8543. It's like a trend. This looks a little different to our other charts, but let's Let's look at this, right? This trend break is very important. Now, we're below the pivot and we're below the moving average. So, that tells us we have bearish pressure. Okay? The VWAP is flat, telling us that bearish pressure is bounded by a measure of support because a flat VWAP means that we are buying above it and also selling below it and the net net is zero. So, what would I do? Well, here's the thing. This trend line break going to be pretty important. I want to trade in the direction of what my pivots are telling me and the moving average. They're both telling me it's downward flow. So, my bounces are going to be sell zones at this time. Where is the top of the range? That's going to be value area low. If I am selling bounces and I breach value area low, selling is off the table because the trend line is holding. I'll be above the pivot again. My momentum will be up and I'll be off to test the highs. Bounces are still sell zones. Bounces are sell zones. And so, that's what we're looking at. Yesterday's anchored VWAP is right about the same as the pivot of the prior day. So, things are flowing pretty easily. Are the traders going to try and buy this dip? Yes, they are. Why? Because, you know, nobody believes the rhetoric anymore. So, they're going to try and buy the dip. What's actually happening is a currency calculation, but that We don't want to get into that. I've talked to you about that already. So, what do we want to see? Pre-market low needs to hold, and that's about 8870. Maybe 8860, something like that. 8850, okay? 8850 is that floor, the dip into that area could give us the buy. But for me, I will be in this formation, I'll be looking for shorts up at the top of the range, and if it turns around and ends up being a buy zone, I'll turn around and flip, but I want to follow trend. And currently, trend is down. You might say, "But Emery, what if I'm using a 50?" And so, if you're using a 50, I I don't have the calculations based on a 50. But if you're using a 50, it's even more negative. Okay? Just don't use things like 20s, 10s for this kind of trading structure. It's It's not going to work. The goal is can the pivot tell me what's going on combined with that moving average, okay? On the 30-minute formation. Okay, upper edge is $98.90. I've no idea why I just blew that raspberry. I guess I'm exhausted. I don't know. Uh 85 and then 8165. [laughter] Oh my word. All right. Here we are. Here's gold. Let's go the daily. So, what do What do we have? On the daily, still very sideways. Right? Very very sideways. It is inside of an inventory event. This one is lopsided because the call is under the put wall, which is bizarre. It's bizarre. But this is the range that it's sitting inside. Here's the 200, it kissed it yesterday, bounced right off of it. Point of control right around 4,000. There's been just an tremendously energetic move down inside of gold. Momentum very deep to the downside, but it is a reflexive event. So, let's go to our 30-minute and let's do our storyboard. What is trend? It's down. What's momentum? Momentum is up. Where's our pivot? The pivot continually goes down, but we are sitting above the pivot with price. Call wall, or so. Put wall, 4614. What is this storyboard telling us? Well, one, we're very far away from the 200, but the 200 is negative. We have a sideways VWAP, but we're above the VWAP, and we're about to breach the call wall. Trend is down. So, bounces are sell zones. But the bounces could be bigger. 4500, um was sort of the big line in the sand a couple of days ago, still the same. All right? Notice our 3:00 candle seems to be holding where everybody else's is, but the big candle that has all the afternoon volume flow really came at 11:30, 11:30 to 12. Right? So, we've got this big pocket of inventory. Notice the And you know, let me Let me see about these colors. Columns. Let's make that Yeah, a little bit brighter. Yeah. Notice we're building in uh a secondary point of control here. The big point of control is up at the put wall at 6720, 6715. And so, we're building all of this inventory. It goes actually all the way back here &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; to be sure. And so, that's what we're staring down. Above 44 60, wait for it to pull back. If it holds, try for the breakout. Notice, we're trying for the breakout here, but it did not hold. Now, why? Because we're under the pivot, and the moving average is negative. So, all the bounces, even though we're above the VWAP, all the bounces will be into resistance. That's what That's the beauty of this pivot flow combined with the moving average, okay? That's what gives us that frame that says, "You know, I could take a long here, but I better watch out. I better not hold it for a long time." Okay? Yeah, that's what we're staring at. Let's go to the spy. Let's take all of these things off. Good grief. Look at that compression. All right. What do we have? Same big monster candle, same big flow, 8 days, and then the ninth day it breaks out. So, what are we staring down? Underneath the 200, bouncing off the put wall at 640. Call wall way up here at 700. Still huge. Let's go to 30-minute. Very noisy, I realize. Let's expand it out so we can see the clean regions. Okay. 4:00 a.m. opening range formation, that's Europe. Underneath the V underneath the VWAP, uh begins above, ends up underneath the VWAP. The pivot is moving up, but we are under the pivot, and the moving averages are down. Momentum is flat. And when the VWAP is flat and momentum is flat, we have chop. So, what do you want to look for? Trend down, momentum flat, VWAP flat, under the pivot. We're looking for dips that buy and spikes that sell. What are the spikes? 660, that first zone, um looks pretty good. That's our first pivot, 660. There's also a ton of supply up there, and the value area high is 662. No, excuse me, value area low, 662. Value area high, 673. Look at the spike at 670. That's really where the point of control is for this entire trading space. What do we want to look for? Well, the pre-market low is very close to our first support zone from a pivot perspective. That's 652, 653. If we lose 653, we've got more bearish flow. Right? That's what we can stare down right there, but that should be a dip zone, and then up into the pivot, which is 657. This is very sideways. I would not be trading spy today at all, unless we got a savage move down or savage move up. Either one of those would give us something to trade. All right, folks, that's it for me. Stay frosty. Trade small or not at all. Listen, sometimes it's okay to watch. Listen, we we love watching very cool sports, or at least I do, right? I like watching uh daredevil kind of things. I do. I don't I don't feel the desire to play if I go, "Hey, I'm going to break some of my legs." Some of my legs, like I have three. I have only two. Yes, in case you're wondering. Yeah, I don't want to break some of my limbs. There we go. And so, sometimes it's good to stay out of the market. Don't feel like you have to trade because the candles are moving. Sometimes it's just flat out dangerous. Flat out dangerous. And the older you get in the market, the more you're going to figure that out. Okay? All right, take care, everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
