VIDEO 045: https://youtu.be/neVtfo8v0Ro

Good morning everyone. Today's Monday, March the 23rd. My name is Anne Marie Band and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma flows by Menter Q. We're starting with the E-mini S&amp;P on a daily chart. We just had a bit of news um after all of the harsh rhetoric back and forth. Now uh Trump Social um Sorry, Truth Social. I don't that was a Freudian slip. I did not even mean to do that. Uh said, "Hey, we had good talks over the weekend. We're going to suspend all the strikes and here we go. So, now the cleanup starts and of course this is just going to be a long grinding motion, which is why I call it Kabuki theater. If you're not familiar with what Kabuki theater is, it is Japanese theater where everyone wears masks. So, you don't really know who's what or who's saying what. And this is standard Kabuki theater. As I didn't use the term Kabuki last night, but you know, for those of you that have been following me for years, you know what I mean by Kabuki theater. All right. So, in this Kabuki theater, we now have to see, all right, what did the traders do? Now, remember last night I said, "Listen, what we're looking for is some sort of reaction formation, but we want to sell every bounce in oil. We got ourselves a double top and that has moved nicely, but it has moved down and is now sitting right around support level one and it should bounce. Now, what's actually going on? Let's go through some levels and then think about things from a daily perspective. We've broken the 200 simple moving average and we are sitting here at the put wall, which is 6500, rapidly unwinding all of the motion from the pre-market traders have to leave. So, the question is, what's the intent? If you're a seller, you want it to stay outside of all of this inventory. You want to win the fight by staying below the 6686. We moved right into that 200, missed it by about maybe 10 points or so. That number of 6775 that's going to be a big deal, okay? Now, let's jump right into the 30-minute chart and see what we have. Massive move, folks. That is what? Holy smokes. almost 200 ES points in one swoop. You want to talk about shorts getting destroyed? Listen, the narrative is going to throw you off balance if you are watching the media and not thinking to yourself, "Wait a second, what strings are being pulled?" Now, I hate for us to think about this at next level. So, the big thing you want to think about is here's the put wall. We got defended. If you were short and you didn't have a tight stop, you got yourself smashed. If you were long, buying off the bounce, you can go to the beach, okay? This is very likely the range of the day and it's a news candle. So, let's look at it. Range of the day, we moved through one, two, three pivot points. We came right up into the supply zone, sitting at the fourth pivot point of March 18th and then we've retraced. We should be sideways or inside of this candle all day simply because the traders are now going to figure out, "Wait a second, is this really true?" Because, you know, a lot of folks are now doubting what's happening over the streams because it's just one headline after another doing all kinds of things. So, doubt's rolling in and people are saying, "Hey, listen, could be traders caught offsides. This is a downward flow. Let's let's see what happens." So, they're going to try and work through the the balance zones, okay? So, we're sitting in a balance zone that is I'm going to move this to begin on the 18th of March. Here is the value area that we're looking at. 6700 value area high. value area low. Now, let's take a look at what the opening candlestick delivered for us. Now, why am I going to use the opening candlestick? Because the 4:00 a.m. candlestick is sitting right inside of the range of the 30-minute candlestick and so that gives us that event to follow. Notice, shock, it comes right up to the top of this range. What we want to do just for giggles is of course reverse it. I don't think we're headed down. I think we're going to stay in this candle range and so the day's movement has already been triggered for us. All right. Now, tough space simply because we are in a news cycle event and that's very important to manage. They want that news cycle event to hold price action steady. So, the big areas to watch I believe are the pivots and so here here what we're going to stare down. This is a central pivot. So, as long as we stay above 6600, buyers are going to be in great shape. All right? Notice the opening candlestick was right inside of the 30-minute candlestick of Friday and so if it fades, the floor should be the 6520. If we expand further, which would be very unusual to me, the next line in the sand would just be walking through these uh these regions of supply. I don't think that's going to happen. There's trust is broken on all sides. So, what what we really have is sort of a reflexive motion where the shorts are saying, "Oh, crud, I got to get out of here." All right? Momentum absolutely off the rails, super high. And so, remember, trend down, momentum up, they're looking for resistance and so we found that edge. If we double top at 6760, I think that's a great area to position a very cheap short and if we continue below 6700, we're in good shape. Right now, the traders are going to try and hold inside of the value area. Right? The buyers are going to try and defend this line right around the 6630. It puts it inside of this value area. That's what the buyers are going to do. The sellers are going to want to force it down. So, this 6640 area, look out for chop. It's going to be ugly. So, watch the box of inventory that accumulates around 6611 to 6650. That's 40 points of slosh. So, be careful. All right. Let's run through the Qs. Let's start with the day. Same sort of thing, trying to defend the put wall. 24,000 is that put wall. We'd lost it. Now, all the way up at the call wall. The call wall is 24,000 800, something like that, which is below the 200 simple moving average. As I've mentioned many times over, seasonality gives tech a little bit of a downward flow. Now, I don't quite know how to read all of it, but my gut is that bounces are still going to be sell zones here. They are not going to recapture the edge as maybe potentially they hope. We're just going to see a restructuring, redrawing of the lines. All right. So, let's go to the 30-minute. What are we looking at? Uh let's remove all the annotations. Okay? Now, inventory accumulation, let's take a look. The inventory box is up here. They are inside of the inventory box, which is from 24,400, which is 450, right around the point of control, all the way up to 25,150. They're inside the box. This is what the buyers are hoping for in tech. And so, they are pushing up into this zone. This is the 200 on the 30. They're inside of inventory, but below the call wall. So, what do we want to look for? The press up into the call wall that fades. This is bullish at the offset simply because it's above the very heavy inventory box that keeps traders in or out of the primary box. And so that number is 24,374. To me, that's round and about the floor for the buyers. The sellers are going to lose the battle if we stay above 24,550. Which happens to be Friday's central pivot. Okay? So, that being said, that's what they're trying to do. Would I take a long here? I would not. Uh I think, you know, we're in act two in a five-act play and it could very well move up, but I would like to see a structural event that gives me the opportunity. If you are more bullish, I would say, "Hey, you can walk into this inventory. We are sitting inside of the 330 candlestick from Thursday of last week. We just hit it as the ceiling. That's 24,640. Value area high, 24,720. Value area low, 24,000. Bounces are sells, but that is a savage bounce, my friends. And if they get back into this inventory event, buyers are going to take control and send us to the top of the box. Okay? Especially if oil continues down. Now, the ratio of the conversation is not similar uh as it was from a correlation perspective, but it's pretty stinking close. And if oil continues to fade, we're going to have ourselves downward flow. So, we've been chitchatting about oil. Let's jump to it. Oh, that's interesting. They've got um new oil contracts sitting from across the pond. Okay, let's go to daily first. All right. Monster move up, right? We know why. Here we are, uh what is it? 3 weeks later, and we've got the fade, but still [clears throat] inside of the box. So, let's let's just draw this inventory event. Actually, you know what? I'm going to take all of it together. 50% at 9811. I I've no idea why my voice gets so crazy when um I start talking. It's just fine for a regular conversation. I get into this and then all of a sudden this get It gets throaty. Okay. So, here we are. We are uh we hit the call wall last night, which is about 100. Remember I said, "Hey, 101. That's what we want to look for as a potential ceiling. Bounces will sell off." That's exactly what's happened. So, big savage fade into the zero DTE put wall, which is 8450. 85, excuse me. And then the put wall, which is way below at 53. Uh that's pretty hopeful. I don't see that happening, but uh that's where all the value is. Right? Value area very far below us on the daily chart. Let's go to the 30-minute. Value area is above us here. Now, let's take a look at what's happened. Here we are. Structurally, we're sitting in the inventory box. Notice the breakaway of this inventory box. It's a very big inventory box, sloshing around between 102 and 85. We came into 85. Bounced immediately. Probably going to retest 85. It's pretty noisy. If we lose this, let's let's rotate this box. Let's clone it and move it down. What? Emery, what are you doing? Here's where it's sitting. Let's take the box and clone it down. Puts us at about 70 with a midpoint at 76. Thereabouts. All right, so we're going to stare that down. Let's take a peek at what's happening here. They're trying to hold 90. Not not sure how that's going to go, but it does put us inside of the majority of inventory sitting up here above 90. So, as long as we hold 90, buyers are in control. We lose 90, sellers are going to take over and we'll stair-step down through all of this heavy congestion. The last significant area of accumulation, 85, 81, 75, and then 70. Um let's take a look at what's happened to trend. Trend was up. We had a trend break. When do we resume trend? Not until way up here if you're looking at a 30-minute chart. Momentum all the way down. We know this. 90 to 89 dollars and 70 cents is the defense zone. Above it, buyers. Below it, sellers. Okay? Let's go to gold. Let's see if we've moved to the proper No. Let me see where gold is. Hang on. I have to check another contract up here on one of my other platforms. What? Okay. So, notice. You think to yourself, "Oh, geopolitics off the table." Gold runs right back up. So, what is the real storyboard, folks? This is a backdrop. The fact that gold, which is 4403, so that's the wrong contract. We're still here at two GC2. Let's just go ahead and see what's going on. All right? Here we are. Uh this is support level one pivot. Look at this. Call wall. Whoa, call wall below the put wall. Not good. These guys are offsides. Everybody thinking this is geopolitical risk. And so they're expecting gold to flip upwards, but it's not flipping upwards because what this is is this is currency related. Absolutely currency related. Don't want to go into that, but here we are on a bounce. Right? So, intuitively, the people are like, "Geopolitical risk should be off the table because we've all stopped the strikes." But then here goes gold. Okay? That's because the dollar's moving down. So, this is a currency event right here. Totally different. Now, um what's trend? Down. That's the 200. Where are we on the bounce? Up. So, trend down, momentum up. Traders looking for resistance. What do we want to see here? Call wall. As long as we stay below 4500, the sellers are still in control here. Could the sellers turn around and um leave the room and put the buyers in control? Potentially. What you want to look for is how well 4300 holds. We are in range. Okay? And also in value for this price action event. Value area high, 4781. Value area low, 4226. Okay? So, what's the trade? Bounces are sell zones. However, if we are beginning to see the resolution events, the dollar will begin to fade again. Gold will begin to rise again. Okay? So, outside of that, we still have our currency event going on. So, we need to watch for that. Use a trend line that will help you with this. As long as sellers pile in, all these bounces are going to be sell zones. And with the 200 on the 30, very far above us, we've got ourselves a breakdown. Let's take a look at the daily. We just kissed the 200 on the day. Point of control, 4124 in this contract. So, a massive morning move. Absolutely massive from that point of control to the upside, but still struggling against what we're looking at is inventory. Longer term, the buy zone stays as long as we can hold this 4300. Right? This 4300 line. Uh Let's extend it to the left, also. And that gives us our room to grow. Going to be a messy day, folks. Very newsy. And so, newsy equals scary. So, you want to be careful. Let's take a look finally at spy. Spy sitting at uh the 200 right now. It's sitting at the 200. And so, we're staring down this price action formation that is right up at resistance. It spiked into value area low. That's where all the inventory is. So, so far, sellers winning the battle. Let's go to 30-minute. 200 on the 30. What did price action do? Crazy bounce up into and 667. Let's just say 667. Topping formation. So, we should rotations, see a pullback into 650. And then, goal is can we fill the gap during regular trading hours? So, 653 looks like the support zone. I would not be surprised if this is where we were at 9:30, but that's probably going to be the area that we see the buyers try to pile in once more on this fade. Put ball way down here at 645. Where is the call wall? Well, that's bizarre. I don't see the call wall. It could be this one up here at 670. How do we want to look at this? Um Here is the massive rotation candle from 3:30 on Friday. Biggest volume. Let's draw Fibonacci there. Right up to the top. Let's see if we can get it. What do we have? What's our highest number? 5.5? Let's see if we can look at six and see what six gets us. And then, yeah, that's that's good enough. So, 6x takes us to 665.82. Rockets up there. We're going to walk down these Fibonacci levels. Why? Cuz that's what we do. That's what we do. That 3:30 candlestick, very, very important, especially in stocks. All right. That's it for me, folks. Remember what you want to do with your candle formations. If you're interested in seeing if this works for you, you want to take a look at these big candle events and draw the lines, right? Now, they could be compact enough. Oh, look. I'm shocked. I'm actually not shocked at all. So, look at the 3:30 candle expansion from the day before and draw your Fibonaccis and just walk them up relative to trend, right? So, if you're trading something swift like this, you want to walk it up on a 1-minute, a 3-minute, something like that, but it's going to give you the levels. It is. It's going to give you the levels for the YM, for the RTY. It's going to give you the levels for everything. And then, when expansion takes over, you'll be looking at something else. And our expansion range today is, of course, this news candle that got everybody offsides. This is a stop running event, 100%, which means people are leaving the market as it's coming up. And that's going to cause some uh sloshing about. All right, everybody. Take care, and I'll see you on the streams. See you for group coaching.
