VIDEO 046: https://youtu.be/H4tMrjElAnU

Hi everyone. Today is Friday, March 20th. This is a quadruple expiration. Uh, they don't call it quad witching anymore. They call it triple witching, but we have the weekly options expiring, the monthly options expiring. We have the quarterly options expiring all together. And of course, there's the daily options that expire. That's when they used to call it quad witching, but that's what we've got. So, it's likely to be a fairly big day. I put up an interesting infographic on um Twitter, and hopefully you took a look at it. It's about looking at the different flows in options to see what market makers actually do. So, later on today, I'm going to put up a couple of uh flashes of what the options board looks like so that you can see that where they're crowding, whether the puts are in the money, out of the money, whatever. So, let's take a look at the E-mini S&amp;P. Big numbers first. 6,500 is the put wall. 6,600 was the put wall yesterday. They moved it down, but we see the zero DTEs sitting there at 6,600. I don't call out the zero DTEs that much simply because they move intraday, and if you are really sort of stuck on that, and there's a big change during the day, you get a little mixed up. All right. So, that's where the put wall is, 6,500. Call wall 6,900. Hm, interesting. And then, um we've got the pivot line at 66 60. Now, very interesting for us to take a look at all of these. We can see that the pivots have been moving down 3 days in a row. Sideways formations. The big JP Morgan collar does not expire until next week, but all of this underpinning is going to show a fair amount of flow that it'll come to the bottom and then completely reverse, or move to the top and then completely come down. What I saw yesterday was the unwinding of all the hedges that give us support negative into the end of the month. That means that the market makers were buying as their risk was limited. And so, that unwinding is what happened there. This morning, we have an opening range formation that stayed, I mean, again, another very tight morning. Anchored VWAP from the prior day is what they're trying to hold on that 66 40 five-ish, 66 47, something like that. The 4:00 a.m. candlestick just inside the 30-minute candlestick formation before re-tracing down. Very messy. I mean, very very messy price action, but the fractal line shows that it is a measure of front line resistance. And so, what does that mean? It means that unless we break the 30-minute high of the opening range, which is still the relative high, we tested it a couple of times, immediately rejected it. Unless that happens, this is downward action. But, the moment it gets up over that 66 80, we're going to see that unwind. My thought is that this yesterday is what told the tale. This big move up, unwinding of the hedges, that's really what we saw there. So, today might be a nothing burger until 3:30, and then we're going to see some more price action events. So, for right now, we get above the pivot, which is that 66 57-ish area, we could go to 66 80, and then we can see a little bit of motion. The hedges are going to continue to unwind, but I think the majority of it was done yesterday. I don't have any idea why my volume is not There we go. And Yeah, I normally have a volume indicator there that's a little different, but whatever. All right. So, what's the floor? The floor today appears to be the zero DTE put wall, which is 6,600. Ceiling today could be 67 50, but that's 150 points away. So, could be volatile. What is trend? You know, big picture sideways. Excuse me, big picture down for the last 3 days. Tighter picture a little bit sideways. So, buying underneath, selling above. That's what we're staring down at this juncture. I like the thought of trying to pick the bottom. I would love to see a bottoming formation here, and then the ability to rise. A lot of big analysts are calling for us to rise into the next 2 months. Um I don't know. I I I feel somewhat skeptical about that. This is the 200, I believe, yes. This is the 200 simple moving average. This is the number we are battling to recover. See it here? We're underneath. 67 70 is the number we need to close above 67 80 ultimately, and then back above 6800, it's free sailing. But, until then, the sellers are in charge. So, I don't see anything that tells me, "Hey, listen, this is going to be great." But, prior support gave us the first pass bounce. Momentum is in negative trending territory, so bounces should be the sell zone. What is that? Anywhere between the anchored VWAP, 66 47, the value area low, 66 50, and the pivot, 66 60, any of those areas could give us a resistance zone. Okay? And the 66 60 is the low of the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. So, you want to be structurally careful. We have demand below us supply above us, and a big fat ping pong of inventory accumulation. If we want to just stare the big inventory pocket down, it's this one right here. Remember, traders collect inventory in order to distribute it. Okay? So, that's that great big edge that we are looking at. We are in range of the prior day. We are also in value of the prior day. Now, we're not in value of the larger formation. We've fallen out of that, but the goal is to get above it. So, the question is, 2 days sideways, can we bounce up? My suspicion is we get up above that 66 80, they're going to start to run. So, you want to be careful. They've got to get out of the supply zones. That 66 90 could be a little choppy unless it comes at 3:30, and there's a big unwind, and it's going to run like the wind. Let's take a look at the NQ. All right. Same sort of story. Uh, essentially in the range of yesterday. Same lows. They held the same lows, sitting in the same highs. Big pocket. Call wall all the way down at 24,800. Now, interestingly, in a mid-term election cycle, tech tends to underperform. It's the only place tech underperforms. Why? I got no clue. And I don't really know if it's going to be true this time because from a seasonality perspective, nothing's carved in stone. We're just looking at the statistics. So, the put wall is still sitting at 24,000. The zero DTE put wall is 24,250. And that call wall coming all the way down at 24,750 is something very interesting to look at. All right. So, that being said, this is our big pocket. We will probably have continuation into the put wall if it loses the edge. Stiff buying pressure in downward momentum. Downward trend under the pivot, under the VWAP. So, what's that telling us? Bounces are sell zones. Until when, Anne-Marie? Same sort of thing. Take a look at what happened three Oops, 6:30 end in our candle, and then the 4:00 a.m. just touches the inside, but does not move above. So, the go no-go line to me, 24,658. Now, if they happen to go up there in one big shot, do not jump in the way because that is going to be another rotation, but you can see the unwind here. Just as much volume in the opening candlestick formation as the 3:00 candle, where all the unwind is sitting. Essentially, most of the pre-market sat right around the closing candlestick, the 3:30 Eastern time candlestick to 4:00 p.m. Look at how many pockets are in there. The loss of that zone, which is right around the pivot, gives us an inkling as to what price action might do up there. Bounces are sell zones. Where's the sell? Right at the pivot, right at the 4-hour, right at that 3:30 candlestick. I mean, we're looking at anywhere from 24,520 to &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; 24,580. All right? And the stop is at the top of 30-minute high. That's going to be our dividing line between the buyers and the sellers. So, above that zone, we've got ourselves price action. Yeah, above that zone, we've got ourselves bullish price action. And then, could we go into yesterday's pivot? Absolutely. Notice the rotations. We've got interesting midnight candlestick formations over here. We know how the NQ loves that midnight formation. But, momentum had been down, but it's trying to lift. It's still in negative territory. Trend, flat for the last 2 days, but essentially down in general. Here we are with relation to the 200, still well underneath it. Sellers still in control until we probably breach I'm going to say 25,000 300 25,400. That's That's going to be the marker to me for these guys. All right, let's go to my crew Bitcoin. Try to hold. Absolutely fell off cliff. Back in Jan, and now still trying to make these higher lows. See? Still trying to make the higher lows. What are we looking at? This is a flag pattern. If it breaks, we've got ourselves a nice run. Right now, the call wall is at 73,000. You know, we're under the call wall, so the call sellers are winning, but we're also under the put wall. Remember, a put wall is supposed to sit below a call wall, which tells me that the traders that are buying and selling options in this particular contract, they just do not have the savvy that the traders that are trading the ES, the the RTY, they just are not the same caliber. And so, these things get topsy-turvy all the time. It's It just happens. So, what are we going to look at? Dips are buys here, but only into resistance. Look where the 200 is. All the way up at 100,000 dollars. All right, so what are we looking at? Price action looks the same as the indices. Sideways formations last couple of days. But, these guys, instead of trending down, trending up. So, I'm not quite Maybe the dollar is taking a little bit of a dip. I don't know, but here's what we see. We're We're in range and in value, but this is yesterday's opening candlestick formation, and the top is 71,500. Now, this was the area that I said, "Hey, if it comes back to 71, I'll take it." But, instead of just coming down and holding, it fought right around there, and then collapsed. Now, it is as we come into 71, we'll be with the VWAP under us as support, instead of above us as resistance. So, the shape of the formation has changed. Could we do it? Potentially. Where's the upside? 73,000. If we lose the anchored VWAP at 70, and that is the anchor from yesterday's close, we should have downward pressure to the tune of about 2,000 dollars. Opening range, very tight. 4:00 a.m. candlestick, almost the same range as the opening candlestick of the prior day, the Globex open. So, that's very interesting. We don't really need to draw another box around there, but it does tell us something's cooking. My thought is, up and over the edge, upside pressure. Upside pressure. So, what are we staring down? Value area low needs to hold as support. This 70,000 is very key. Pulls in, give it a go. If it loses it, you get out. If it recaptures it, you give it a go. But, only a couple of times, really small, because if it can't bounce and give us a higher high, we've got ourselves price action that's sideways. Take a look at where momentum is. Absolutely sideways. Okay, let's take a look at oil. Lot of news last night that said, "Hey, listen, oil is definitely coming down." Israel has agreed not to strike any more of the infrastructure associated with oil and the like. So, there you have it. Um What are we staring down? Look at how many days in this range. Take a look. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 days. Value area low, 93. Value area high, 96. Now, this is I believe this is a forcible push down based on, "Hey, the US does not need higher price oil. Nobody needs higher price oil. We're going to push it back down." If it falls through, my thoughts on alternative energy are going to get a little kick in the tush, as it were. But, when things if, for having stance, things get even more heated, nobody's going to care. And there's There's nothing that tells me, based on history, and that's the thing about history, when you're in it, you forget that you're being history, and so, people forget to learn from history. So, history tells us this is not going to be a short event. History tells us it's going to be a long event, a long game. Persian mindset is uh very strong. Even though the people want freedom, the people in charge do not. And that's, you know, I mean, that's like here, only a different flavor. All right, so, are we in range or value? Well, we're in range of the prior day's trading event, but we're not in value. Right? We're just sitting underneath the big value area right above here. The pivot, 96.50, has been the first line of rejection. So, we're sort of ping-ponging between the the VWAP, which is 94.40, and the pivot. So, upward flow on momentum, sideways flow on the price action. What is this? It is a gigantic mash pit. Where do the sellers control? 92.50. Where are the buyers going to resume? 100. We spiked up there yesterday, but then Israel came out and made that statement, and then we fell off a cliff. So, the question is, are we going to hold? I think so, but it's going to be very choppy in this range. We want to be super careful. You know, if you want to trade it, 93.16 cents uh a baseline support. The pivot baseline resistance, 96.58. So, there's 3 dollars of motion in there. That's a lot of cash. Anchored VWAP, 97.65 cents. 97.50, we've got a very big supply zone above us at 100. So, watch for news. I think the indices are going to take grandstand. They're going to take the grandstand eyeballs, and and not gold, because we Excuse me, not oil, because we have so much rotating and closing. All right, finally, if we take a look at gold, what we see is a real fall off. A lot of people are saying, "Hey, you know, this price action is unusual." Like I mentioned, why? Geopolitically thing Maybe things are calming down. This has got nothing to do with geopolitical motion. This is all got to do with the strength of the dollar. And if the dollar fades, this is going to bounce, and if the dollar bounces, this is going to fade. So, and this is a loose correlation. It's not exact. So, what do we have? Upward trend in the near term, downward trend in the longer term. Let's see where we are in relation to that 200. It's still well below us. That's 4,000. The put wall, holy smokes. We are We were almost That put wall has moved down, for sure. So, notice the strangeness here. Call wall underneath the put wall. That's uh no bueno. Right? So, only one group is winning here. The group that's winning is the guys at the put wall currently that want price to move up. The call wall being all the way down at 4,400, and the put wall being all the way up at 4,600. This is very unusual. Doesn't normally happen. Um I'm not sure Not sure why. Maybe folks did not They were caught flat-footed thinking that gold [snorts] would continue rise under the geopolitical strain instead of being subjected to the dollar, which as we know remains master and commander. Right? So, what do we have? Floor support 4636. We lose that level, more sellers in charge. Listen, we've got negative gamma. If we lose the put wall, the market makers will have to sell more oil, excuse me, sell more gold to bring their delta negative. So, you're going to see dynamic hedging if it loses this edge, just like yesterday. Big dynamic hedge and then they immediately start rolling it off after it holds traction from the bottom. Okay? Very, very big deal. Uh very mathematical motion because they're carrying all of these things on their books. What is the top of the formation? 4700 and 30. That's going to give us our flow. So, between 4730, 4635, we're going to have sideways. If we lose it, going to see dynamic hedging to the downside, really move sharply until they recover and then the upward flow 4732 moves into the VWAP 4786 4800. But, that is not going to happen unless the dollar fades in my estimation. Finally, here we've got spy. Spy trying to hold the bottom. Trying to hold yesterday's lows. Very important number. If they do it, great. They're going to try and work their way up to the pivot. And the pivot today is 660. That's also the put wall. Remember, we open up under the put wall, we're going to have dynamic hedging because the flow, we're negative gamma. So, dynamic hedging pushes that down. Listen, if these words are just too big and fancy and you're like, what is she talking about? Just remember, the big green line here under negative trend will force the market makers to amplify the move. That's what happens. And so, if you've got negative flow and it loses that key support area, don't be buying any dips. That's what that means. Okay? All right. Floorboard 650. We got a big We got a big gamma wall at 651. And the big high to watch 665 and then value area low. We are underneath the range of the prior day here. We're actually battling at the corner of it. So, what does that look like? It looks like a battle under negative trend and so they're likely to sell it off, but we're looking for a higher low. And if news comes in and it breaks through this area of support we have listed at 656, it's going to try to run into the anchored VWAP at 658. Be very careful today. A lot of things happening in the market. Daily options expire, weekly options expire, monthly options expire, quarterly options expire, and we're in negative gamma flow, and we just had an FOMC that said, "Hey, we've got to pump the brakes." And we had a hot PPI number. You just got to be careful. All right. Take care, everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
