VIDEO 047: https://youtu.be/USUVVTzZdvo

We could see it with just the lines, the pivots. You would notice that they hold fairly nicely. This one moved right into resistance. So did this one. This one held support. This one danced around its pivot. So yesterday's resistance pivot is where they were dancing around. And so we have the choice between the line of as the first test and then the next line at 6607. Now, remember there's a gamma line right nearby. Figured it was a little closer than that. This gamma line is the one that's going to be the interesting one to watch in my mind. All right. So let's take a look at these um pretty interesting walkways. If you're saying, "Hey, hey, hey, yeah, I don't want to do all that stuff." The walkways will give you a good choice. The thing to do is, you know, you got to stare down. Where am I in relation to the Vwap? Where am I in relation to my moving averages? What is the slope of those moving averages? And you can see the sellers are in control. It is still sell the sell the rip environment and it probably is likely to continue. I haven't stared down the gamma flows yet. All right. Let's go to the NQ. As I wonder why my eyes are not focusing. Very late night. Okay. So wow. Holy moly. Look at where the call wall got moved to. Wow. Okay. So the call wall is around 24,750. Put wall down at 24,000. Trend down. Momentum in negative territory trying to lift. Meaning we could see some big spikes. But the sellers clearly in charge. Call wall is potentially the high. We are under the main line pivot. Being under the main line pivot, which is this yellow line, it tells us that there's more negative pressure. That can be confirmed by the slope of a moving average. So if we're underneath here and the slope is down, the bounces are going to be sell zones. Okay? Um let's see if I can put in my volume areas so we can at least see where value area high and low is. We are well below value area area low, 24,7 90. Value area high, 25,100. Wow. This looks really rough. Let's go on daily. Okay. So we're breaking the 200. Massive congestion. And these this these are the key areas. Failure or no, right? This is a zero DTE. Put is at 24,220. Next couple of days are going to be rowdy. Rowdy. Okay. Trend down, momentum down. You can just walk through the lines here. Here's our 30-minute formation. We bounced 100% range above it as well as below it. Right? Look at that. Someone accused me of It wasn't an accusation. It was It was a a solid commentary, not incorrect. Someone said, "Hey, you know, I think you're trying to teach people too many things. They're getting confused by all the stuff that you're sharing with them all the time. It seems like there's not one single thread." And so I hear you. First of all, lots of people learn lots of ways. And if you take the time to watch the video you deserve the opportunity that's sitting in the video if you can stand it through. And if something's not resonating, I'm always hoping something else will resonate. Do you know what I'm saying? So that's my defense. And I I continue to bring new ideas to folks because the market's always changing. And I want to make sure that I understand the changes and I'm ready to to run with it. So yesterday's 30-minute open is where the traders stopped. If we breach that area we're probably going to have a short squeeze. And that narrows 24,000. 700. No. 20 Yeah, 24,720. Line. Okay. The pivot lines below of interest are 24,400. And then a stair step down. Here's a huge gamma line, 24,291. But we've given the big rise up. It took us three days to get there, two days to give it back. And the buyers are very timid right now, very very timid. See if you look at micro Bitcoin, this is always a tell. Look at that. Dang it. All right. So storyboard here is that it's still in a flag pattern, but it's a it's a bearish flag pattern. Because the trend has been down. I felt like 74 would be the number. But you know what? I think a lot of people did, too. And so the sneaky guys and gals um took us above that zone and then kept collapsed below it. My premise is still "Hey, listen. If it can come in and stay above 71,000 it's a good buy." What it did is just crash right below my support floor. Right? I suspected that this price action would really give us a go to the upside. I mean, I really did. I said yesterday. I said, "Hey, you know I'd like for it to come down to 71, but I'm not sure it's going to give me that." Boom. Just I mean, what a day Bitcoin had yesterday for the trade. Wow. So clearly a break of trend and momentum takes us all the way back to the floors. If the indices continue to sell off, there's no way this will rise. And if gold continues to sell off, it's going to come in the same direction because everything is priced in dollars. Anybody who is talking about the death of the dollar narrative, listen, it's coming. Not to fret. The death of the dollar is on the horizon. I'm not saying it's not. But that horizon is like a trip to your favorite Las Vegas strip. The buildings are so huge that you think, "Hey, it's just down the road. It's in It's 6 miles in the distance." And you're thinking that is a couple of blocks because the buildings are so big that you really have no spatial perception. So the moral of the story is, yes, they're right. It's not coming now. Especially when people need dollars because they have nothing else they can depend on. Okay? So what are we staring down in oil? They've shoved oil prices uh down into the 97 zone, but have a look at the volatility. Goodness gracious. If we're looking at trend, it's mixed. Up and then down. And we're looking at the range of motion. Broad momentum is sideways. This is our 30-minute open. We collapse off of it after several hours. And then go right back into it and then fall back down. Okay? That's kind of a big deal. So where What is this? It's 2:00. It's interesting. Okay? 2:00 is always interesting to me with oil. Um that's because it closes then. That's their influx. But easily I can use all the other uh boxes that I like. The 4:00 a.m. candlestick, absolutely quiet. You know, there's They just don't want to take any bets. Look at all the moving averages clustering together. They're just in a tight tight squeeze. So what do we want to do? We want to get ourselves to the edge of the squeezes and watch. Call wall 100. Wow. Put wall 55. What? That is bananas. That is very big spread, very very big spread. Could people be thinking, "Hey, this is going to be over in a couple of weeks?" I I I mean, that's delusional. One thing I know I'm a huge history buff. Persians are not going lightly. Notice where Alexander the Great stopped? Persia. Couldn't get in. Couldn't stay in. Greatest army of all time. Married Of course, it's not the same thing, but it's the people that just will not give up. Doesn't matter what the common Iranian wants, they want freedom. They're very educated. They have a larger percentage of college degree educated adults than the US does. Nobody knows that. Right? And they're all westernized. They want that business to get out of there, but I didn't want to go into that spot, but there you go. We're looking for a long fight here, sadly, and oil is not giving the show, but I do think alternative energies are going to have their heyday because of this, so we'll see what goes on. All right. Upper edges, as I mentioned, call wall 100, valuer high 97, valuer low 90 two and some change, 93 and some change. So, what do you want to watch for? You want to watch it break out of this. If you're playing inside of here, you better try to get those shorts way up high here at 99 and then longs way down here at the point of control somewhere around 95. Momentum is very, very flat. Let's go to gold. What? Come on. Gold continues to roll over, so does silver. Why is this happening? I thought people bought gold for geopolitical risk. No. People buy gold in relation to the dollar. That's the big thing. And gold is rolling over now simply because people are exchanging the gold they've been hoarding for dollars because the dollar is strengthening against them, and they're also selling it in a space where they know they can get a premium. So, the sell-off is dramatic. They're going to start buying again. Don't fret because the dollar is eventually going to die. Right? Uh where are we? 44 46 24, excuse me. 46 24, we can see this low edge here. That's probably got a lot of people freaked out, but this is a range. Right? This is range. They're going to come down here, hang out, and uh price action is going to lift. The put wall has been broken. That 49 can't tell whether it's 49 50, 49 70. The space is not quite tight, but it's well below the put wall, and so when it gets below the put wall, put particularly if market makers are managing that put wall, which they are, they have to sell more. The further down it goes, the more they have to sell in order to hold those hedges properly in the dynamic hedging perspective. They can also sell calls, but that gets a little wonky, but yeah, a lot of moving parts here. Look at the low. Currently, the lowest pivot that allows us to say where we might stop is about 4550. That's a round number, and it should fade. All right? Don't fret, folks. Uh if you're long the metals, the metals have been saying, "Hey, trim." for a while. Right? Why? Why have they been saying that? You can go to a 4-hour chart, and you can go, "Wait, did I break my 200 moving average?" Go to a daily chart, and the 200 is way down here, but this is also been parabolic for quite some time. So, sometimes you have to really think through things and say, "All right, if it gets to the bottom of the range, am I still willing to hold it because of what I think the long-term outlook is?" But that could be, you know, months and months and months, maybe even year, because gold really did not do very much many years ago. Okay. Finally, let's go to spy. And what do we see here? Anchored VWAPs are those blue lines. Trend clearly down, right? This is a wide-angle look, moving through the range on the put wall, broken put wall. So, they're going to try to recover it. And if they cannot recover it, they're going to sell more of it. So, critical zone here, trend down, momentum down. They're trying to lift it, but to no avail. So, really, price action is very messy. The call wall still 700, the put wall still 660, and we are down here testing 655. Point of control 670. What's What's the trade? Bounces or sells. That's the easy part. Bounces or sells. If it gets above the pivot, stop selling the bounce. Try to wait for either another expansion up into a higher moving average that is going downward, and then try to sell that. Or once it gets above the pivot, you look for the moving average as support, and then you start buying above it. So, literally, that's what that pivot line is for. It's to tell you where the division between the buyers and sellers actually sit. He's not always right, but it does give you a nice solid framework that you can use to say, "Hey, if I'm underneath that line, I need to go hunting for support. If I'm above the line, I'll go hunting for resistance, but your moving average will tell you that as well. And right now, it's saying, "Listen, bounces into upper edges are going to give you selling zones at this junction." All right, everyone. Take care. Hi, everyone. Today's Thursday, March the 19th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q. Charts a little noisy with all lines, but we are in a noisy patch. Big picture, as we take a look at the E-mini S&amp;P, we are right back where we started. How many days ago was that? 1 2 3 4 6, really. 6 days ago, and we are breaking the lows. What we've tried to do is build some structure and inventory here, but we cannot seem to get over the supply that's sitting at the 3:30 p.m. Eastern time Camp Sec High. So, that's going to be our go no-go line for sellers. If it gets above that zone, don't think about selling until it's much higher into congestion. And when I say don't think about selling, I really mean it's got to get time to fill in whatever kind of crazy noise might be going on. Okay? So, if you jump in, you could get a little loss, and then you jump in again, and it could go for a bigger win, or you jump in and hang on, it could turn into a big drawdown that you eventually get back. Those are hard psychological things to choose, and sometimes we're flat-out wrong because the market does something completely different. The sideways formations in the market and the ebb and flow really make me tremendously tired, and so it's been an incredibly annoying patch because the structure is so uh unstructured. On top of that, tomorrow is OPEX, and we just had the FOMC on top of a hot PPI number. We have the disruption across the seas, and whatever else we can think of, right? The The world is a complicated place. We just simply have to do the best in our little circle where we have influence, and not worry about anything else. Those of us caught up in worry, lay that down. Give it to the Lord. No place for worry in in the mind in days like this. You just do your best and move forward. Okay, so now we have our 30 minutes um opening candlestick formation, and you know, it's sticky. They've lost it. I would say they probably lost almost a full Yeah, there you go. Look at that. That's 100% down, and now they're trying to hold that as a floor. Right? So, this area right here, oops, at 66 45 is a line to watch. If they lose it, let's take a look at the common things. What is trend? What did I just do with that trend line for my momentum? What is trend? Down. Am I making lower highs and lower lows in the near term? What is momentum? It's down. I'm way under the midline of the momentum. Take a look. If we stretch it out here, I mean, it's very negative. That being said, they're trying to build something. There's a higher high here, and higher highs under here. And yet, price is getting forced down. So, what does that tell us? The trend line. Moving average, the slope of the moving average always master and commander. Let's go over some numbers. We are well below value area low. That number is 6720. Value area high 70. I can't see for nothing this morning. Lord. Okay. Uh Point of control 50. And very noisy there. Do I expect to be head up there? Potentially. Yeah, potentially we do. Could we sit sideways all day today? Yes. I'm going to try and do a little clip, a little study clip about understanding how market makers end up having to move based on where all the positioning is in a chart and everything expiring at the same time. It'll It's very, very interesting. So, I did some study on that last night. I think it's going to be a good one. All right. So, here's what we're thinking. The buyers have to hold the floor, 6645. Or we're headed downside. Okay? We can draw our Fibonacci. It gives us our price action events from top to bottom. We can see them walking down. A lot of us go, I don't want to see something that's only got three, four points. You know, then don't put it on there. It's up to you. You get to drive the ship. Right? So, if you don't like it on there and you prefer your boxes, do that. But, that's what we're staring down. And the pivot from yesterday is probably a clean line to anticipate. Take a look at how well these pivots, if I could separate them so you could see them all by themselves. Hang on.
