VIDEO 048: https://youtu.be/EVNxzsn8OFc

Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, March the 18th. And this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q. My name is Emery Band. Uh a lot of folks still get that last name wrong, but that's okay. I don't mind. So, what are we doing? We're looking at the E-mini S&amp;P. We're seeing some patterns that are showing up, but let's get the big numbers up first. Call wall, 7,000. Put wall, 6,500. Here's a major wall we need to look at from a gamma flow perspective, 6830. We have supply sitting above us all the way to 6870. My suspicion is that this is where the traders want to head next. Now, that being said, if 6860 is where they want to head next, what might be in the way? Well, let's take a look. In general, we are long in the overnight. Why? Cuz we're above the close of the prior day. In general, we are also in range simply because we are sitting inside of the prior day's formation. Now, we did breach it, but we are moving back down. We are just above value. That's 6796 on the high end, 6746 on the low end. So, about 50 points of range. Our 200 moving average defended on the daily. It's a bit flat here. Um you know, if we're looking at the daily, it's definitely going to matter. Let's go to the 20 so we can stare down what price action's really got for us in trading. It is bullish. Momentum is in positive territory, but drifting off. So, they're looking for support. Let's take a look at the patterns. Let's go back to Monday. What do we have? We moved up in the pre-market and then down during Asia and then up retracing all of that in uh Europe and then down again as soon as we came into US markets. So, what is what we're noticing? What is the commonality? The commonality is this. We come into the US open and we trade down. Come into the US open, we trade down. And so, what is this one? It's sort of the same thing. Come into the US open, we trade down. This was the last time that we traded up, March 10th. Ever since then, all the spikes have been sold. Now, we're coming in, a lot of people going, "Ooh, look at this. It's an inverted head and shoulders." Listen, I would not want to meet this person on the street, okay? I'd be very scared. It's a very jagged pattern. I do not believe it holds a ton of weight as an inverted head and shoulders. That being said, doesn't mean we're not going to break out. So, where's the go no-go line? My thought is, as long as we hold the pivot today in this formation, we are going to be all right for bullish action. It's not going to be pretty because we'll really be in a sideways pattern, but if I were picking a price, I'd want it to coincide with the point of control. Here's another reason why. It's the top of my 30-minute candlestick formation. And you know, I like to follow that space. That's the first one. The second one of note is the 4:00 a.m. candle, which is also very shallow or narrow. Oh, for goodness sake. That's not right. Very narrow. Where is it? Almost the same size as uh that opening range. This is the high low of the last major wave. Okay? So, commonality there in terms of range size. And so, now what we're looking for is the 9:30. If the 9:30 candlestick is above us, that's a classic update. Right? And the pullback then will be the low of the 4-hour candlestick that will keep us. That's not quite what we've been doing. And so, my anticipation is the big buy zone around 6776. What happens if we lose that zone? We're going to walk through value area low, 6746. And then some fairly good demand zones at 6723. Okay? Um yeah, that's what we're looking at. Boy, did I take too long doing that? Let's zoom through some of the others. NQ, what do we got? Look at the big picture. Looks fairly similar. Although some things have really been shaking underneath. We've got a lot of volatility structures just flashing all kinds of warning signals, but until it shows up with price, we don't want to do anything, okay? Let's look at the big numbers. First, call wall, 26,000. Put wall, 24,000. Major gamma line, 25,100. This chart is above range and above value. So, this one is in a clear breakout mode. The NQ is in a clear breakout formation. That being said, if we look all the way to the left, we see major congestion on this uh March 11th. Okay? And just like the others, we've seen the sell-offs that come into the trading day. Though, they've been a bit shallow for the NQ, particular with Jensen Huang just, you know, hyping the world up for trillion-dollar sales. I can't even imagine what a trillion actually even looks like. So, I I I just listen and go, "Oh, okay. Sure." So, here we have a support ledge that is just below us at 25,100. If price action bounces off of that and continues to the north, the next area, 25,346. The opening range is very tight. Super hard to draw Fibonacci off of that. I mean, it's just very, very hard to draw a Fibonacci off of that. And so, we just take a look at it, realize it's right near the point of control, and keep our eyes open for it for downside pressure. 4:00 a.m. candlestick almost the same range. Just a little bit more range than the 30-minute open, but very, very similar. It's breaking below the 4:00 a.m. low, and so it needs to quickly recover or it's very likely to step down into that 25,100. Where's the go no-go line? You know, I would suspect it needs to fall back into value area high, but it could hold 25,100. If it loses that ledge, I think it goes into the opening range. Remember, the six the 6:30 candlestick moving up, 4:00 a.m. candlestick moving up. If we open up above it, we've got ourselves continuation long and probably a lot of stop running because I think a lot of people are reading the big macro picture and it's making them nervous. If we lose this 25,100, stair-stepping into the volume point of control and the 30-minute opening range high at 25,026 is very likely. There's quite a bit of demand there. Supply sits above between 25,245, literally all the way up to 25,3 40. Momentum and trend are both in positive formations. Though, the trending motion in momentum itself is pulling back into positive territory. Remember, when it pulls back, when momentum pulls back into positive territory, it is simply looking for support when trend is up. It's not rolling over. It's just looking for support. And that's what we need to think about. Okay? So, very bullish. Prior day's mhm not nearly as bullish. So, there's a lot of momentum here. Very easily this moves to the north. Okay. Next, let's take a look at micro Bitcoin. This one is in buy territory. Nervous buy territory, I will say. Let's remove all the annotations. That looks very noisy, but this is what we're seeing. We're seeing noise because these pivots are so close together. Cuz demand right underneath us, supply right above us. A break is coming. My thought is that if the market is going to break out, so is Bitcoin because it's an expression of liquidity. And if there's more liquidity, then the market is going to break uh to the north. If the Fed comes in and says, "Hey, we're holding we're holding things pat. We're not going to uh lower rates right now, but things look a little weak. La la la la la. I think the market's going to run because they're looking for a rate cut. Now, is it really a good thing if things look weak? No, it isn't. So, that language is going to be very important. I think this is uh Jerome Powell's last time on the stand as it were. So, we'll see what happens. But, dips clearly buys. You just have to take them off at the near-term resistance areas. What are the big numbers? Oh, jeez. These guys are mixed up again. The put wall way up here at 80. The call wall way down here at 73. So, the only people willing winning right now are the puts because they're short. The call wall, people are upside down. Gamma flow probably slightly positive. So, this is going to be a little bit of a vacuum. Look for buy zones near the call wall. We are underneath the pivot. Something else that gives us a little bit of negative flow. Above the pivot, things look good again. My thought is the breakout above 75,000 this time around probably going to be the one that holds. That's my suspicion. That being said, what would I love? I would love it to fill the gap, come in to 71,200, and then I'm off to the races. Otherwise, I'll be chasing it. Okay. Let's go to oil. Oil holding pretty tightly. Put wall way down here at 55. Holy moly. Call wall is hidden by this number. Call wall's at 100. We've been sitting around 94 for Wow, what is that? 5 days? 1 2 3 4. Yeah, fifth day here. Trend little bit down. Directional flow downward trending. Both underneath and above. Right? Especially since early yesterday morning. Where is the moving average? Well, it's kind of sideways. So, that makes for noise. The chart is in range and in value of the prior day. It did break it, but it recovered. So, this is a stabilizing zone for the chart. The next skirmish that we have um over there probably going to push it up, but the news is hey, we're walking the tankers through, you know, Iran oil is getting through. I This is it. Completely bizarre what's going on over there. I My brain does not have the capacity to think about it. So, what's going on with momentum? It's in a strange place simply because the big flow of momentum is down, definitely. The underneath flow also down, but we're rising into resistance, but that resistance has got positive divergence. What does that mean? This price up here is higher than the price down here, but the momentum is almost on par. So, what does this tell us? We're in a sideways pressure event. We're under the main line pivot. And so, if we stay underneath the supply zone, value area high, that's 97. If we come into that zone, we'll have sellers. And that is the set to look for. Bounces are sell zones. Now, that being said, we get down to 90, we might see more buyers sitting in here, but bounces are definitely sell zones. Um are we recalibrating to a new price in oil? I believe we are. We are having uh a very big repricing in oil. And so, I expect levels to be well above $50 for a long time. But, that's just me. Let's go to gold. So, gold broke 5,000. And it also broke the put wall like 15 minutes ago. Super important. What's going to happen down here at the put wall? Remember, it's got to get defended. It's got to get defended. Call wall way up here at 5200. People are still bullish on gold, but the dollar strength still being the reserve currency, people are still coming to the dollar. Um Death of the dollar highly overblown. It's eventually going away, but not today. And so, here's what we're staring down. The bounce off the put wall makes for a pretty good buy zone. But, what is trend? Trend is down. And momentum is down. Right? Momentum down, trend down, bounces are sell zones. Point of control 5,017. Ideally, that would be a lovely sell zone event. Here's the thing, value area low 4983. If we cannot get back above that zone, we've got trouble. I notice when we lose this 20 moving average, we tend to recapture it and then watch it fade again. Recapture it, watch it fade again. So, this 20 isn't giving us a clear line. The slope of the 20 is giving us the clear line. And that is if it bounces above it, it's coming back below. Pivot has stayed essentially the same over 2 days. Downward flow is here and we are, you know, trying to hold down to this edge. Now, where might we go if we lose all of this inventory event? And essentially, this box is what I'm talking about, the big box. This big box of inventory. Actually, it's probably a little bigger, isn't it? Let's say it's about that. Let's clone it. See where the downside sends us. Downside sends us to 48 192. You know, as long as I remember from school, anytime a number comes up with the 4892, my brain goes Columbus sailed the ocean blue. I It's just um every single time. Anyways, so, that's what we've got. Expect a bounce from here. If you want to take a trade in this zone, collapse way down into your 1 minute and take a peek. Let's hope it gives us what we're looking for. And take a peek for structure that builds. What does that mean? I stop heading lower. Let's forget about that. I stop heading lower. I breach the first line of resistance. I pull back and I make a higher low. All right, let's get the spy. Spy still bullish. Momentum and I certainly don't need that. Momentum and trend largely bullish. 4:00 a.m. candlestick very tight. Very, very tight. Topping formation, but easily a breakout here. So, what are we looking at? Above 675, very likely to run at the top of the supply zone simply because there should be a lot of short covering here. Right? Old support, new resistance. Resistance, resistance. If it breaks out, all of the folks that went short here are going to say, "Yeah, I need to rotate." And so, the numbers above are going to be 676, 678, all the way to 680 where we've got the last resistance line of note. Okay? So, dips are buys if price action comes in and gives us a dip. We're going to have a nice bounce event off of value area high, that's 671. Point of control 670. Going to be noisy if it gets down in here. Wait for it to recover to move to the north. Price action should still be noisy. We just had a lot of noise and there's so many things that people are whipping around. The market feels very tenuous. Be careful. Trade small or not at all. And I'll see you on the streams.
