VIDEO 049: https://youtu.be/Itr5PTTCj9A

Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, March the 17th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Man the Q. What are we looking at today? We're We're starting with the M contracts. I'm going to rotate all of those over to the forward contracts for us. If you are sitting in the H contract still, that's the March, there's a possibility that it's still trading and really, remember, it's the way to measure that's the most important thing. So, what are we going to measure? First, let's take a look at the 30-minute opening candle formation. And you can see that we sat in that range for a couple hours, right? And then broke it down, had a big sell-off. This must be some sort of news event. I don't know what it is, but it looks pretty newsy. And then we had our 4:00 a.m. candlestick. That started low, but then they recovered. And they recovered this entire week down. So, already, what can we see? Inside candle formation from yesterday, right? We're still inside of yesterday's range. A lot of supply sitting above us. Trend is mixed. We've got downward flows from above that just broke through. And then upward flows from below that also seem to be holding. What is momentum? Momentum is on the rise. It is moving from negative to positive. So, what do we want to think about here? We want to think about dips being buy zones. And ultimately, if we're to have any good upside pressure, we want to make sure we hold the 4:00 a.m. candle low. We do something like draw Fibonacci for the 30-minute opening range, we can see that it's moving pretty well on track. You know, you don't even need any of the other candles, literally. You can just measure this first 30 minute, and it will give you relative ranges to walk down, as well as to recover, in order to choose your positions. It's pretty amazing how fractal the market is. By the same token, you can do that with the 4-hour. And move in the direction, look at it. The top of it is still the top of the first 30-minute candlestick. It's just incredible, folks. Algorithmic trading is the reason that this works, because algorithms need patterns to follow. And so, that is why this works. We'll leave the 4:00 a.m. candlestick up there telling us what's going on. Dips are buys. We're still inside. It looks like a pretty jagged day, but if we can move above the 30-minute high, the Globex high, we've got some moves to the upside. So, what's our What are the lines that we need to watch? Let's take a look at it. We've got, you know, 6900 as the max on the day is what they're calling. Call wall still 7000. Put wall still 6500. We're caught right in the middle. You can see how wide it is. These are the pivot forms. And again, hat tip to Coach Paul, who does his pivot flows in the morning on the Topstep uh Discord. You can learn a lot about what pivots are telling us. And when we begin a day above the primary pivot, like we potentially will, that's this blue line right here, it'll give us a little bit more bullish flow. But you can see how noisy this is. We literally are sitting both inside yesterday, which was Monday, and Friday. And uh we're right at the bottom of Thursday's trying to recover Thursday. So, mixed bag all the way around, very heavy news flow. They really uh administration is really trying to manage this news flow event. Last thing I want you to look at is the 3:30 candlestick Eastern time here to see how well it holds as relative resistance. If we break through the 30-minute high low candle, that's going to be the first test, the high of that closing 30-minute candlestick formation. All right. Let me see what are the numbers. Uh call uh value area low 6731. Value area high 6770. All right, let's go to the NQ. Why I took a lot of time to I'm so sorry. So, the same thing. All right, here's what we've got with the NQ. We've got our 30-minute opening candlestick formation. Same sort of thing. Held for a couple of hours. And then we lost the edge of it. Yeah, it doesn't link. We lost the edge of it, rotated down, big news event at 1:00 ish a.m., and then a complete recovery of that event. Coming back into the edge. This is um the VWAP. It rejected the VWAP twice. We have some supply up here. The compression is the same, though. We are inside Friday's Excuse me, inside Monday's range, inside Friday's range, and this one is also inside Thursday's range. Take a look at this. So, we are very range-bound in this market. Very, very range-bound. But that is the case. Somebody said something about, you know, us having an inverted head and shoulders pattern. That looks like one, but I I I don't trade those, you know. I I I don't. They're too um nebulous. And that's a lot saying something for me, right? Because, you know, I I'm not I always think things are big fat crayons, not um not specific lines. Okay, let's see where this is. Call wall still up at 26,000. Uh the max move today predicted is 25,103. The put wall is 24,000, and we're just caught in the middle. So, they are prepared for volatility. Here is the pivot. We're dancing right around it. You know, this looks like another range day to me. We have no significant trend. Um so, looks like the very high highs will be rejected. And the lower lows will find support. I do see a demand structure down here at about 24,691. That's pretty interesting. All right, let's go to Bitcoin. March. Let's see what April looks like. Okay. So, here we are in the April contract of Bitcoin. Good rise. This is showing us that this price action is on the on the rise. This is what the 200? Yes. 200 moving average on the 4-hour. So, we're well above it now after 2 days of working really hard to do it. Dips remain buys here. Dips remain buys. Uh what would I like to see? For me to participate, I want to see a flush that holds, because we've got a lot of gaps. I mean, we've got a lot of gaps. And we have supply above us. So, what are we seeing? Momentum. Momentum is drifting down. But it looks okay. Um trend We're under the VWAP, under the moving averages in general, except for this 200, right? So, being under the VWAP, it's hunting for support. We've got uh demand zones at about 73,400. But a lot of gappy action. Look at this volume profile. This looks hideous. I want to see them come in and fill this out, which is why I'm looking for something around 71,000 to pick up. Okay? That's That's really what I I'm looking for, this 71,000 area for a bullish zone. Um put wall down here at 65,000. Call wall up at 85, 86,000. Caught in the middle. Dips are buys. If you want to hold this a tiny bit and let it go through, then you're in good shape. Otherwise, wait for structure to build. In general, it is holding. But remember, we've got to break through these resistance zones on the daily formation, pull back, and make a higher low for us to have ideal structure. All right, let's take a look at oil. Let's see if we see that 1:00 a.m. move. Yep, there we go. We know that oil is really so correlated to uh each index right now. The ES, the NQ, the YM, RTY. Anytime this surges, those indices fail. Every time. It fades, the those indices bounce. And so we have extreme correlation here. We haven't seen that in a while. It's I mean it's been many, many years. I'd say it's probably been almost almost 20 years since I've seen anything like that. Okay, so here's our opening candle formation. And then our 4:00 a.m. candle event. So this is looking like another potentially bullish day into prior resistance. So why is it into prior resistance? Why won't it run to the moon? Well, because we are sitting inside of Monday's trading range and inside of Friday's trading range and inside of Thursday's trading range. So they're still deciding what to do here. It's It's not easy. What's trend? Down from above, up from below. What's momentum? Flat. But it is in bullish territory in general. If I move backwards here, we are still trending up. So it's holding that trend. Dips are buys. Dips are buys. I am, of course, naturally bullish uh oil. And um only because geopolitically that's what we're seeing. So it has not, however, retraced its 1:00 move or its 1:30 move. So what does that tell us? Well, it's got more strength to potentially come into the upside. So what are we looking for? Uh the VWAP is 95. Pullbacks into the VWAP look pretty good. VWAP over the range, the actual VWAP, is here at 96.36. It's fighting around that area right now. Look at all the heavy congestion here. Once again, you can use your Fibonacci. It's going to give you the same markers to tell you what to walk through. It's pretty incredible, folks. But again, it only works because algorithmically that's what we're staring down. Notice, this is the pivot line. So it's dancing at the pivot. Underneath it, we've got some bearish traction. Above it, we've got more bullish traction. That's just sort of that line in the sand. My thought is a pullback into the 95 ought to give us more upward flow. We'll see. We'll see what happens. Um but it is a very It's a It's a very bullish chart at this at this juncture. Trend holding and if trend breaks, we ease up off the gas and then look for it to hold. My My thought again is if it comes into the 30-minute candlestick, I'll be very happy to consider a buy uh at this point. But all my sizes are small. Why? Because there's the potential that this is being manipulated. So um Let's see what's going on. Let's take a Ooh, that's not the right contract. Let's go to gold. That doesn't look like the right contract, either. All right, here we are with gold. Gold hanging around the 5,000 mark. The dips down here, there is a lot of supply and the put wall is at 49 60, 49 70. Value area low 49 76, value area high 51 11. Uh the VWAP is 50 64 and the point of control is 50 20. And that's where they're dancing. Monday and Tuesday, beginning Tuesday here, we can see we've got a very sideways patch. I would say long action. Looks like about to go long. Short could be at the day's max at 50 57 anticipated That's what I meant to be saying right there. Call wall 52 20. Put wall 65, let's say. Okay? So here's that 5,000 level. They're trying to hold this zone. I would not be surprised if we sat here for a bit. Let's take a look what's going on from a daily perspective. We can see that trend is still bullish in general. Right? If we just sort of look at that. Generally bullish. Momentum sitting generally above zero. But it's starting to look a little bit weak. And if the dollar continues to climb, this will eventually fade. So the floors we're looking at around 48 85 or so. Okay? Sideways action, incredibly sideways action. 30-minute formations for the opening range lasted about 3 hours. 3 hours. That's That's a lot of time. And then the 4:00 a.m. candlestick, very quiet, sitting right on top of the 30-minute high. So my thought is if we can get above the VWAP and hold there and make higher lows on the pullback, we'll move up into that 50 that 5060, 5055. If not, we've got ourselves a rotation to the downside. All right, let's take a look at spy. Pretty messy. Point of control 670. Call wall Wow, call wall still up at 700. Put wall 660. And here we are dancing around the range, right? We've got Holy smokes, inside day in general for yesterday. And for Yeah, definitely for yesterday, especially if we look at all the hours inside for Friday of last week and inside for Thursday of last week. So everybody's crowding around these 3 days of uh sideways action. Dips still look like buys. Right? The traders are still trying to hang on. The problem is momentum is beginning to drift here in this. And so I wouldn't be surprised to see it at the bottom of the range. But the bottom of the range is going to be another buy zone they try to defend. We are underneath the 200 on the 30. But remember, the goal is to stay above the 200 on the daily. Okay, everybody. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
