VIDEO 050: https://youtu.be/clB5sSfp2Gk

Hi everyone, apologies for being late. This is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. My name is Anmarie Band. And let's get down to business. First, we begin on the daily. Let's have a look. Last time we were at this level way in the past, September, we could see the flows trying to hold in a 6-day patch moving to the upside. The second time we touched this region around 6600, savage move down, reflexive mean reversion back up into the mid-range of I would say a box of congestion. The third time we did it, November 20th, sharp downward move, same reflexive motion straight up. It gave us five strong up days even though the compression was narrowing. Five strong up days. Sideways event got to the top of the box. Rotated halfway down. You can see what's going on here. Last time we did this, well, not last time. Last time was last night. We did this a month a week ago, March 9. We came down on Sunday night, had a gigantic reflexive move, and spent four days giving it all back. So this behavior is a little bit different to these behaviors in the past. From the savage move down, we moved all the way back up. From the move down in October, we moved all the way back up into the 7,000 range by October 30th. Gave it all back. But then we did it again. This time we've come down here, a series of lower highs. We could do the very same thing. The difference here is the following. We hit the line, moved back up underneath the moving averages, could not get above the general moving average that I use, which I believe is a 14. Hang on. I maybe use a 14 or 21 depending on which group I end up talking to. So, here's the 14 exponential. We have not recovered it. Here, we recovered it by the second day off of this floor. Here, we never recovered it. And so we are going to try again. If this price action holds, we will move to the very top of the range. If it does not, we're going to stop at the value area low. And that value area low is 6824 on the daily chart. Value area high 695. Now, let's get to the day. What do we have? Tons of supply above us. a couple of demand zones, particularly this 6 a.m. floor. This is a pivot path. It really tells us what we're doing relative to high low features. It just gives us trend line events that are in process that we can stare down. So, this one clearly is telling us, listen, dips or buys, what's momentum? It's above zero. Both of them are above zero. We don't really I I think I'm going to get rid of this one because the RSI does a good enough job and it doesn't make us overanalyze. Right? We know the wiggles are there. Just look for the slope of trend. And clearly what we've got here is that it is following the path. Are we above the moving averages? Yes. Is momentum moving up? Yes. So, what does that mean? Dips or buys? So, let's take a look. Very big 30inut candlestick formation. Pretty solid size to be fair. Oh, for heaven's sakes. Very big. That's of note. Let's see what the 4 a.m. candle looks like. 4 a.m. candlestick well above this area. So, what are we setting up for? We're setting up for a bullish day. As long as the 30 minute candlestick from 9:30 to 10 holds green, we're going to very likely have a bullish day ahead of us. And it looks like it's on the horizon. Now, could it be a runaway bullish day? Because so many people went short here. Yes, indeed. So, be careful to not let what your mind says should be happening influence what your eyes are telling you. That's the trouble I had last night. Now, I'd like to blame it on plain old distraction, but it's still my bad. And so, here's what we're staring down. Uh, this is the point of control, volume point of control, 6701. Let's look at Friday's 9:30 candlestick for potential target zones. It's also the anchored VWAP of Thursday. So, that makes good sense. And then once you get up there, you can walk through that zone fairly well, right? Fairly well. Okay, that's what we're staring down. Big numbers. Call wall 6750. We already talked about the put wall being at 6,600. Value area low on the 30-inut chart 6626. Value area high on the 30 minute chart 6750 trend up momentum up dips or buys value you know keep your eyeballs on that uh 4 a.m. candlestick. This It's pretty good size, right? It's pretty good size. And they tried to sell it down. They literally did tried to sell it down into the 630 candle, but they got caught in this level of inventory congestion. Okay. So, bullish, very, very bullish, my friends. Bullish. All right. NQ. We will be rolling in a couple of days. Gratefully and wonderfully for those of us on the Topstep X platform, the market will uh excuse me, the platform will do it for you so you don't have to fret. Let's take a look at the NQ. Great big recovery. A little different. It pierced the low on March the 9th, but same sort of reflexive sharp upward reflexive motion. absolutely sharp gigantic gap up on October the 10th and then you know it was all she wrote. This gap did not fail until the other test of that low here. We did it on Feb 5th. It moved into the moving average. Could not get over. Um we did it on February the 17th. It did break the moving average but came right back down. Gave us a lower high. This is a very weak structure. It's very weak. What it's telling us is that they are still battling for who's going to be in charge. Okay. What is trend this morning? Well, on the daily, a little bit negative. Momentum and trend. Little bit negative underneath the 14 moving average. Let's jump right to the 30-inut chart. What are we seeing? Value area low 24,327. that was tested and recovered in the overnight candle. Value area high 24,871. Here we've got our pivot points. For those of us that listen to Coach Paul in the morning, great structural frameworks for us to use these pivot points. And then more upside pressure. Where is the call wall? I don't seem to see it. Oh, callwall below us. Holy smokes. 24,500 and then the putball even further below at 24,000. So tech is recovering faster than what the option traders are working on right here. Trend up. We're above the moving averages. Momentum up. Dips or buys. Let's take a look at the structural pieces of where people put their lines in the sand. Is this This is our 9:30 candle. Let's get it properly there. That's yesterday's 9:30 candle. You can see we're halfway through it. The VWAP is up here at 24,700. Let's do our opening candle event. Again, looking like a trending day ahead of us. Where's our 4 a.m. candle? strong. They try to sell it down. Can't do it. So, buyer still in control through the entire thing. It did come into the 7 PM candlestick and the first pivot up resistance-wise. And so now it's walking through pivots. Pretty nice. The the next pivot is much further away. So we are going to use something like the daily max 24,865 uh value area high and you know daily max gamma flow is at 24,900 something like that dips or buys another great day uh of some bullish action. Just watch these edges. That's why I'm framing out these 9:30 candlesticks. You want to be careful that we hold at least the low of the 4:00 a.m. candlestick or there's trouble. I would say we need to hold the low of the 9:30 candlestick for uh bullish action to continue. Micro Bitcoin gave us a clue that this was going to happen. Oh, for heaven's sakes. And so we've got some alerts going from high to low. 74,000 is the zone that we're watching for the traders to get up and over trend topping. It looks a little toppy. Momentum is definitely divergent and um yeah, I I think that this is very very interesting for us to watch. It's very very tight and has rolled over What's going on there? That's interesting. All right. Dips or buys? You want to get it to 72,000? It's good. Right now, it's broken through value area high low. Overnight inventory is long simply because of the gigantic gap up. It feels like these guys might have already rolled to be honest, but we shall see. We shall see. All right, let's go to oil. All right. Now, what's funnling this oil? Uh, the ES and Q, all of them is oil moving down. Look at the daily. It gapped right up and just began rotating over. The put wall sits at 90. Very big motion, trend up, momentum up. Uh it's convergent because we have a lower high. This is also a lower high. So it looks pretty good. Let's get to the 30 minute. And we can see the fade is continuing. Overnight inventory is short. Let's look at our first 30 minute formation. Why is it naturally short? Well, because we're under the close of the day, right? We're under the open of the day. That's just the normaly of that event. Now, let's take a look at where the 4 a.m. candlestick here came from. Now, a lot of people will argue, hey, oil runs on a different rhythm. You can't use the same. Listen, whatever works for you works for you. For me, I'm looking for, do I end up underneath that 30 minute close? I do. My short structure is still in play. As it comes down, it's going to run 9 minutes. It's going to hit the 9:00 candle and then it's going to run into, you know, uh, where is it going to run into? It's going to run into probably value area low, which is where the put wall is at 90. Call up at 100. This chart is going to stay landlocked and there's some very big players that are trying to force price o the price of oil down. uh I would not trade against them. Um because they are very very big traders and so even the way uh disruption looks they are going to try and force every new high off. Okay. So we have downward momentum flat to downward trend. So where are we sitting right here? This is the first pivot line that we're staring down. That's 9444. And then the put wall will be at 90. My thought is that our 9:30 candle will tell us what to do. But our VWAP here at might give this chart the sideways pressure that it needs. So where is our 8:39 to 9:30-10 candle which is not the open obviously but it is the one that we are going to watch and that is where the support has bounced right off of at this juncture. Okay. So take a bounce. I would say wait for the bounce to short it. When you know big people are manipulating price action in uh a formation against its natural flow. For me it's hands off and it always has been hands off in times past. Let's go to gold futures. [clears throat] I think no we did not move there yet. Let's see where we are. Okay. So, we're in a range. I believe that that is where that is. You know, it's sometimes it's really hard for me to tell which contract I'm smearing down here in um Trendpider. So, on the daily, very quickly, very sideways. Let's erase all of these. Going to remove all our annotations. Are we still in the range of March the 3? Well, we're battling right now. So, my suspicion is that we bounce. The put is holding as the floor at this time. If it doesn't hold as the floor, we're going to have downward flow into 48.44 and then a reflective bounce. That number is going to be awfully close to the daily value area high which currently sits at 4880. What is my suspicion? That they try to bounce off of this floor. And we should see that this pivot path even though it's moving down, it's still green. So it tells us it's hunting support in an upward trend. So let's go to the 30-inut formation. A little bit noisier, but what we can see is a double bottom from the early morning event. Oh gee, this looks a little sloshy. Our 30 minute formation. Let's clone this one. See if we had a one to one. Wouldn't you know it, we did just about. This first tick takes us right into the put wall. Bounces right up. Let's say we get it again. Where are we going? Looks like they have to get through all of this uh supply which might not be that hard. Okay. And then the main pivot is sitting here at 5056. Right. So underneath the main pivot line, we've got bearish action, but we've got this double bottoming event. Momentum trying to lift higher. We're above the VWAP and the moving averages. Dips are a messy buy, but you could try and use this big fat round number at 5,000 to help you get involved. And it's got some nice range on the 30 minute. It's not being cluttered at all. Okay. So, looks really, really good from that perspective. We just have to watch out because they are trying to hold a very important line in the sand. Very, very important line in the sand. So, it could be very noisy for most of the day. We already have 20,000 contracts, 20,290 contracts sitting at this price point of 5,023. So, there's a lot of action here. Dips, buys, big spikes are still going to be sell zones in my mind. And that number is that 5066 to 5070. Anchored VWAP from Friday is 5078. Let's take a look at spy lastly. Whoa, look at all those lines in the sand. Holy smokes. We've chopped through every one of them. Okay, first of all, let's go to the daily bouncing off the floor. You can see it. All the traders. This one holds the edges, the areas. Well, this wasn't where the put was. time passed, but we can see this line really breaking down and then finally recovering it here. They're holding it very, very nicely. The wall, the put wall here is 660. The call wall still 700. You can see we're caught in the box. What do we really have to get over is this upward moving average. Now, we are sitting at big support zones. If we take a look at this exponential and I try to alter it for the quick sec. Let's do 50 because I think that's the one I need to watch. Right, we've broken this 50 handily and it's starting to turn down. Now, the next one big money is looking at is the 100 and that's been broken very clearly. That one still has upward strength. The one everybody knows about is the 200. And this is the do or die here. That's why so many folks are buying the market right now because we've come into the 200 and the put walls and everyone is saying, "Hey, we got to bounce because if we don't bounce and we lose the 200, we are going to have a lot of other technical advisors that are running just pure technical shops to go, hey, break at the 200, we're out." And so, everyone is trying to defend that line. So, we'll see what happens there. Let's go to the 30. On the 30 minute, we are below that 200 line. And so it still gives us this downward trending sloping event, but we are bouncing off of the floor. Walls 661 for value area low, 677, value area high, call 680, put wall 660. Staying the same. Staying the same. Traders are trying to buy the dip. the 4 a.m. open. That's our candle of note. And you could see they tested the base of that 4 a.m. candle several times. Now breaking through it. That 930 candlestick is going to give us that relative upward trend. But we've got a lot of work to do. If we get to 672, I suspect that would be the top of the frame. But look at the 9 to930 candlestick. The dip of that candle is going to be your buy zone as the traders try to recover through the space. All right, take care everyone. I'll see you on the streams.
