VIDEO 051: https://youtu.be/YQLiea7zXgU

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay. Let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, March the 12th. This is the Money Ball Morning Report. And my name is Anne-Marie Band. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menter Q. Let's take a look at the big numbers first as we stare at the E-mini S&amp;P. We've got the call 6950, the max. I don't even know if it's going to get there. It may. It's 68 50. And the point of control 6790, the VWAP for this formation is 6760. What is the chart doing? All right. Well, first 30 minutes, pretty good formation, right? It's kind of big. They come in, open, immediately sell it off to the lows of the prior day. They cannot stay inside of that 30-minute candlestick formation, so it gives us downward flow. How do we get the target for the downward flow? We simply take the box around this 30 minute and then clone it and put it underneath. That gives us the next test, which we can see the bounce right there. 6718, also a number that we've been looking at for a bit, but it comes in, holds the level, tries to get back up, cannot get above the moving average, tries to get above the VWAP for a bit, fails again. How do we see the next one? We take the measured move, it takes us into the put wall. And so, it stops the measured move from completing because the put wall is engaged. So, that's what we're staring at. It starts rounding the bottom. How do we know we're we're not going lower? We stop heading lower. We break the front lines of resistance. Those are the last area of lows, and then we pull back and make another higher low. Here they are breaking out to the north. I would suspect since momentum is high and trend is high, but they're going to get to the top of the Well, what did I mean to to do? I didn't mean to do that. They're going to get to the top of the candlestick. Okay? If it goes above that, we've got a lot of supply. It's very very red here. If they move above it, that's going to be a lot of work that the buyers did to get us back up to the next base. That would be 68 12 to 68 15. We know how the markets love that 15 [snorts] to 17 area. Sometimes it's 17 to 24. They just like that zone, right? And so the traders will come in and try to work on that. Next space is the 68 40. And value area high is 68 50. Value area low 67 40. Trend is down from above and up from below. Momentum is going to give us the immediate motion if trend confirms, and that is going to be to the top of that box. You could extend this all the way to the right if you wanted to. So, it would show, you know, whether you're sitting in that first 30-minute candle during the day. Let's take a look at the NQ. There is no recording tomorrow. I'm out of the office. Just giving you a heads-up there. All right, let's take a look at the NQ in the overnight. What are we staring down? Same big 30-minute formation. Try to hold the low, but it can't. So, it rotates down. That's a pretty wide candlestick. Notice really what it does is just do a two, right? Really wide candlestick. And um breaks the bottom, but does not stay down there. And so, we watch again when structure builds, we can turn around and take the long. This is sitting over the halfway mark in my mind. So, oh, come on. It's not letting me get it. All right, I'll put it there, and then let me see if I can do this. I hate it that we're doing this together. I've only tried to do it before. I need parallel lines. All right. Not uh not letting us snap to the grid there, but we can see that we're a little bit over the halfway point here. So, they're trying to get to the top of the box. That's 24,009,56. Let's take a look at the big numbers. Call wall, 25,500. Valuaria high, 25,180. Valuaria low, 24,700. Put wall, 23,000 24,000. Yeah, that's not bad. So, what are the traders doing? Of course, they're trying to get back into the heavy congestion. It's the safest place safe place if they can get back into heavy congestion. What is trend? Down from above, up from below, they're they're hunting for resistance. And that's really, you know, could they find it at about 25,000? Yes. Could they move all the way back up here? Yes. Overall, this is a sideways pressure event. Sideways. Now, a lot of people are saying, "Hey, we broke major moving average, blah blah blah blah blah." You know, we look at the daily chart, we can see there's a breakdown off of the edge. In my mind, it's so wishy-washy here in terms of sideways pressure that we really don't have to worry about it. All right, let's take a look at micro Bitcoin. Okay, so Bitcoin's been struggling. Remember, the big tail is above 73. Right? There's a demand zone here that turned to a supply zone. That's very interesting. That's rare. That's rare. Trend down from above, up from below. What are the traders trying to do? They're trying to build pressure. Big crypto guy that I read, he's like all in crypto, thinks crypto is going to have its next big run to the upside. He's a very good analyst, but I think he's being a bit premature. Why? He's trying to catch a bottom to get the most out of everything. And in the end, you know, maybe that works and he's still green, but he's going to have to be careful because this is still in a wedge, right? Still in a wedge. Are we above the VWAP? Yes. Above the moving average? Yes. Where's the 30-minute opening range? Pretty far above me. And look, the the candle we just closed at 5:30 this morning, base of the 30-minute could not get in. Now, if it builds pressure from underneath, it could easily get in. But, [snorts] dip buying into resistance, if you are so inclined, is going to be the better bet. Momentum is up, but barely crossing the zero line from the RSI. The stochastic RSI is actually showing the movement of the candlesticks. And that's bullish. Let's go to oil. Oops. Well, that's interesting. What do we got going on here? This chart looks very bizarre. Oh, there we go. What? Look at how far call wall put wall 60. This is what we're looking at in oil. A lot of traders are short here. Listen, a lot of traders came in and said, "I'm going short." And so, it's worked for them for a couple of days. And then, day before yesterday and yesterday, everything started sitting sideways. So, um if &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; if this actually breaks out again, you want to talk about some something parabolic, it's going to move like this, like the last time we had it. And we're not going to have much of any reasoning for that other than these shorts are caught upside down in the trade. Now, a lot of them have great positioning. They're short all the way up here from $118. And so, probably the smart ones are unwinding into frontline supports. but what is trend? It's up. It's down from above, up from below, but the wider you go, you can see how bullish this chart actually is on larger time frames. It's a very, very bullish. What are the big numbers? Well, as I mentioned that call wall is at 84. It has not really moved. And now that this is sitting in here, it is positive gamma, so it should come back and test. It should come back and test. At least the the call sellers are hoping. The put wall all the way down there at 60 as I mentioned. Value area low 8250, value area high 9720. What did the traders do? Let's take a look at that 30-minute opening. Came back into less than the 50% range. No. Right at the 50% range. Right at that 50% range and then expanding out. Looks like 2 and 1/2. Right? Midpoint there looks like the halfway spot. If we fade, we fall back into yesterday's region right near the call wall. The anchored view up from yesterday's 86. This morning it looks pretty bullish. Let's see what the 4:00 a.m. candle did. Yeah, the 4:00 a.m. candle broke out of this 30-minute candle. So so far, this looks to be trending. You'd have to see what the 9:00 a.m. candle looks like. Excuse me, the 9:30 candle. Now, I know oil opens prior to that, but the volume still sits with regular trading hours. And that's the way you use the measured move, right? So, we're going to look for this candle giving us the lower the lowest of the bunch, and then the 4:00 a.m. candle giving us a higher low, and then the 9:00 a.m. candle giving us another higher low, higher high, and we very likely will have a trending day. You really want to watch out for that if that happens. So far, price action looks sideways, so there's a chance that it doesn't happen, that that 9:30 candlestick ends up being down here, which would make a very sticky trade. If I were thinking about going long, I would want to see a pullback into this old resistance zone that is near $87. Mhm. Okay, let's take a look at gold. Okay, we had a breakthrough yesterday, and then a straight-on recovery. So, that line is my suspicion is, although that line is important, there's a different resolution event going on, and that's underneath the value area low, which is 5143. My thought is that value area low is the real zone to watch. Generally speaking. That's what we were staring down. What's the trend? Well, it was long. Excuse me. Yeah, well, it was really long and then we began this flag pattern. And now we've broken out of the flag. So, this looks bullish again. Right? The question is can it get up and stay up over this level? That's a pretty important alert. So, let's do that. That'll be 5200. Value area high is all the way up at 5244. A tremendous amount of supply sitting here and it's the anchored view up from yesterday. Let's see the 30-minute formation. Candlestick is a little below that. Looks like it's breaking to the north. Let's see how it did on the south end. Looks like it did a whole candle. And it did. Look at that. Right there. Clink. So, on the way up, max area 5200. Let's see what the big numbers are. Woah. 5400 call wall, value area high, 5240, value area low, 5140, put wall, 4900. So, that put wall is rising. Yeah. Uh what's the trade here? Well, it's tough, right? We're in a box. All the candlesticks are retracing each other. That's pretty much a dumpster fire. If anybody goes, "Oh, yeah, this has been great. This has been easy." You know, good on you. Not been easy for me. I have to tell you. Expansion of risk is one of the things that you're seeing because, hey, listen, even if you get the right direction, let's see you go short, but you decide you're going to go short here at the breakdown. If you don't get out right away and you're looking for something lower, you're going to get chopped up unless your risk is extremely wide. And I think that that is something to be careful about. Here they are coming back to test the 30-minute opening candlestick high in gold here. That number's 5189. Messy, my friends. And finally, spy. It's Buxby. Um we have a messy patch once again. Going to remove this alert. We've got a Well, is this one? Let's create this alert again. We've got an area up at 680 to watch. An area below at 670 to watch. What is trend? It was down, but now we're back inside of the big sideways formation. It's a very big sideways formation. So, what is our choice? Deep dips going to give us buy zones. And the wicks and spikes to the upside going to give us sell zones. Could the wicks be very big? Yes. So, ideally, the areas to look at are clean shots. 683. You watch it here. Just like this one. It fails, you take it. Okay? And that's the important thing. Here's the All of these are just showing Is that weird? It's just showing the 9:30 areas and I'm not quite sure why. It's cuz you didn't have the button on, you silly person. Okay, so here we go. Still same numbers. 675 to breach. Super messy, friends. I mean, look at this noise. It is just an awful looking chart. These are areas where it's better to think about long-term trades that you have in your portfolio that you might go, "Huh, I wonder if something's coming into a nice little buy zone." And you look for deeper value and go way out the chain to buy an option. That That'd be the only thing I would do in this space because this looks like a dumpster fire and I can't see it changing. It's just very messy. Very very messy. All right, that's it, folks. Remember, nothing tomorrow. I'm out of the office and um yeah, I'll see you on the streams. Take care.
