VIDEO 052: https://youtu.be/Dlil6uVbqrg

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Bayne. Today's Tuesday, March the 10th, and this is the Money Ball Morning Report charts by TrendSpider and gamma flows by Mentler Q. Let's collapse the indicator list there. So, what do we have? Uh first things first, let's do the data. Call wall 6950, put wall 6700. Uh value area high 6850, value area low 6700. Here's what's wonderful. Seasonality told us this would happen, right? I said yesterday, "Listen, this is about selling, very likely. And so, this moved dramatically up, caught the short sellers, they had to unwind, and of course, you know, there's some people who really it's unbelievable that we think in the midst of everything that we see that somehow these seasonality measures end up still working. It's bizarre. Or it's at least as bizarre to me. You would think that we are different, but it tells us a little bit more about the grand machine that's moving above us while we are in the fray of these little pieces. So, let's talk about how the market flow looks today. Momentum is bullish, trend is bullish. We're sitting above all of the moving averages and the VWAPs. You know, it is what it is. What's the go no go line? I think it's the Vwap, 6760 will be the line that separates buyers from sellers in most likelihood. Now, this is a very noisy patch, so it could come in here, argue for 20 points, and then resume to the top. So, remember I'm drawing this with a big fat, you know, kindergarten marker, and things are not exact because there's so many of us working. Dips are buys. The dips are buys until we lose 6762. So, what do you want to do? Well, we've got very heavy congestion here. We've got um We've got some peaks and valleys. We know this these 13 15 numbers are pretty important. They like to chop around there and go back down to the alts and give us the zero. 6800 is a big fat round number. Watch it try to come in there and hold. That's the point of control, just about. So, that's what we want to look for, that pullback that gives us a buy zone. We've got a lot of demand sitting at the base of this 30 minute, and that's 6773. Notice, 6773, old resistance becomes new support, breakaway formation. Absolutely classic breakaway event. Momentum is up, so dips are buys until we lose that line, and then we begin some significant arguing. If we continue to rally, could we get to 6900? Yes, we could. We absolutely could. Let's see what momentum looks like on the day. All the way at the bottom of the range. You know, we're still caught in the middle of the box. Let's go to the NQ. I don't know when we'll start to roll, but it ought to be pretty soon. Okay, so taking a look at the NQ, it rose even more sharply than the ES. I've adjusted that trend line. Trend is up. Momentum is up. Call wall, 25,500. Put wall, 24,000. Point of control, 24,840. VWAP right around that same area, 24,800. I suspect that is the go no-go region. Notice the heavy congestion 2 days prior. What is this uh Friday? Very heavy congestion in this pocket. We could easily retest it. Breakaways send us from 25,207 all the way up to 25,380. Value area high, 25,150. Value area low, 24,620. 30-minute formation, same sort of thing, pretty jagged. Something happened at 3:00 a.m. that is that was in the news. Could be, you know, obviously something in Europe. Not around these pockets. And the high of the 30-minute candle is currently the VWAP, and that's 24,987. It's pretty steep. Right? Breakaway formations, old resistance, new support. We have to be looking at the market in a way that helps us see where can I bounce? Where is old resistance turning into new support? And so these sorts of things really, really help us. Breakaway to the top edge max looks like it could go to 25,378. I can't imagine that it would just straight up, but you You I didn't imagine that we would move this much. I mean, take a look at this. This is Uh what is that? 1,300 points in literally a day. It's bananas. Absolutely bananas. Bitcoin, here's our liquidity test. Also, massive run-up. I talked about this yesterday. I said, "Hey, you know, comes back into that 65 area, great bought. If it holds these regions, fills the gap, gets up over 68, got ourselves another one. Remember, old resistance becomes new support. The floor is probably a little steeper here. Volatility may be a little higher. Breaking through trend, of course, very steep. The the VWAP and the moving averages are very, very steep. Momentum sitting in bullish territory. A ton of supply up here. Resistance. What do you want to see? You want to see it break out above value area high, which is 71,500, and then come back and test it. Then, you've got your long. Call wall, 73,000. Put wall, 60,000. So, once again, these guys in the option chains are doing crazy things. So, where is the line? I'd love to see it come back to the VWAP. Let's see it test, you know, this area. Also, old resistance, new support. Now, it could have done it right here, which means the next batch of resistance that we'd have to form over is here. But, rotation to the upside, and gamma flows continue. Listen, if this thing gets up over 73,000, we've got ourselves a liquidity injection, and rotation to the upside. So, it could be a blastoff green as far as the eye can see. Let's go to oil. Okay, big oil fade. We talked about this also. I said 94 because it was way to the left and then 86 because it was the VWAP. Um Now, what are we looking at? Listen. The call wall is still at 85. The put wall at 60. What have they been doing all night? Inventory accumulation. So, what do we expect here? If all of this is in Literally, all of this motion has been inside of the 30-minute formation. So, the break is going to be upside into the next area or downside. What is my inkling? It's going to break to the upside. I believe we start stabilizing around here. Trend certainly downward from the overnight, but could it be a flag pattern that sends us more steeply to the south? Potentially. Uh or could it just be turning around and moving forward? If it breaks down, the next line is 81 and then the anchored VWAP from last week Thursday. And that number is 78. Uh I don't know what the oil traders are going to do here. I really don't. My suspicion is that we rise again. Um because the skirmishes are pretty intense, especially last night. Uh I don't know how much energy it's taking to keep oil down here. Um but we we had some pretty interesting and not in a good way things happen in the street formulas. And so, they're just These guys are not going to give up. They're just not. I mean they've been around for 5,000 years. The Persians have They know how to endure. They do. Okay, let's take a look at gold. Gold on the rise after the oil moved down. I'm going to suspect that the dollar is uh trying to stabilize here, but look at the range. You see this? Big pocket. The go no go line today &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; is 6160, which is right at value area high for gold. Call wall 5400 put wall 4900 Value area high as I mentioned 5160, value area low 5080. Trend is up, but we are sideways. And so, the sideways action tells me that this is a pretty solid for a shorting formation that could easily accelerate especially if we fall into the 30-minute high low candle, which is right here. And I would suspect that's pretty close of a one-to-one. Yes. Right? And so, here we are coming down. I would suspect that we fall right through the floorboards here. We'll see what happens today. Downward formations up up here down here at 5113, and then the point of control and see how it goes from there. Uh the speed of motion is it's incredible. It's It's really, really incredible. Upside pressure, if it happens to break to the north, we have to get through supply here at 5236. And then we could get to 52 60. Let's take a look at spy. Figured out I'm not paying for the data here to come um through for me. Remove the alert. Let's get that alert right back in there. The downward flow is 670. We're going to be all the way up here. Um But yeah, also in a pocket. Giant sloshing pocket of motion. So, we just ride the wave. You know, you can make a lot of money if you're trading ranges. Just have to um be careful when the range breaks to not hold on and get yourself offsides. Okay? That's very, very important. Just ask Captain Condor. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, yeah, we would look at 685 to 690. That's value area high here. Call wall 700. Put wall 660. Value area high 690. Value area low 674. The no-go line, the go no-go line, is very likely going to be the VWAP area somewhere around this zone because the price action is printing up here now. Okay, everyone, that's it for me. I'll see you on the streams. Be on um group coaching today. Take care.
