VIDEO 053: https://youtu.be/OwrYc6v6gmc

Hi everyone, my name is Amry Band and for more than two decades I have lived and breathed the markets. I've traded the futures through volatility spikes, navigated options through uncertainty, studied the behavior of stocks across countless market cycles. And over those years, one truth has become very clear to me. The markets move faster and grow more complex every day. And that's why I'm bringing tradewave.ai AI to you. When I began trading, success meant countless hours, studying charts, tracking news, connecting signals wherever I can. And now the volume of data has absolutely exploded exponentially. It's so hard to manage price movements, volatility spikes, sentiment changes, institutional flows simultaneously across the globe. That's really what it's like for you and me, the retail trader, looking at getting an edge in the market. So, the real challenge isn't finding information anymore. It's understanding what information you need and when in time that matters. Tradewave AI is designed expressly to solve that problem. It uses advanced artificial intelligence by the very gifted Ashimvi. Just an incredible guy. I can't say too much about Fshim. He's really tremendous. But I digress. The platform uses advanced artificial intelligence. It continually scans. It uses 97 years of data to compile and find out where these patterns exist. What I appreciate most about tradewave AI is that it surfaces insights that really deserve our attention. It really brings things into focus. It doesn't just generate signals. It tells us the structure behind the market movements. It shows where momentum is building, where pressure will be forming and where risk might be rising. And it gives us significant pockets of time where products and instruments excel and when they do not so that we can position in a trade. So whether you're an active trader focused on intraday structure, a swing trader tracking momentum shifts or an investor that watches macro trends, Trade Wave AI gives us clarity. As I said, I've been around for more than 20 years. I've traded everything. I've looked at all kinds of instruments and I know that edge comes from not only seeing things a little earlier but interpreting them the right way. It helps you see the waves before the market moves.
