VIDEO 054: https://youtu.be/UbbB9Sv8-Yk

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Good morning everyone. Today's Monday, March the 9th, and this is the Money Ball morning report charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menter Q. We want to start with a look at the daily chart so you can see what happened if you listened to me on Market Kickoff last night on Topstep TV, you'll know that I was waiting for something that showed um a break lower, a significant break lower into the bottom of these formations. And then a reflexive bounce up, and wouldn't you know it, friends, that's exactly what happened, almost to the tick. Let's see the difference. Low, 6584.50, low 6583. So, they gave it a front run by about a point and a half, and they definitely shook the tree right there. So, what we are looking at is the recapture of the current zone in the market. Now, the real question is, is this the real buy area for the next rocket ship to the north? I don't know. What I want to see is structure built here, and that might take a day or two. Now, if it ends up being some kind of monstrosity of a candlestick, we'll end up chasing it, but then we will retrace because it's had no chance to build structure. So, where is our line in the sand here. If we stay above 6670, we might have ourselves a good shot at taking a reflexive long that goes right into this candlestick edge, the close of Friday. And that's 6742, and then we'll walk our way back up. And that's what we're staring down. So, I like that. That's what we want to focus on today. So, let's get to the 30-minute, and here's what we can see. Here's the 6670. It's currently being challenged. Let's move it up to the opening tick. All right, what is that open? 668550. For those of us that get annoyed by my lack of definiteness, there we have it. And then, the wicks up. That's our first wick event, 6718, and then the close at somewhere around 6742, as it were. You know, a lot of traders look at settlement, and I notice that settlement works until it doesn't. And what we have a tendency to do is blow right through settlement. And so, we can look at settlement. That's the actual price that the index closes at. We can look at settlement, but we don't want to um be so definitive that we say, "Oh, no, it has to close here." Or it has to move up. And we can see a lot of supply sitting between all the way down to 6739. So, that's what we are looking at. Normally, we take a look at the midnight candle. Looks like the a 10:00 a.m. bounce took us, but that really is because it came into the price. The time what it would have been much better if the time were us really locked in at the place at the same time, so we could say, "Hey, Asia really did this or you know, Europe really did that." But, it didn't. We got the bounce right where we were supposed to. But, notice all night long where have we been sitting? Inside the 30-minute. So, that's going to be the ruler of the roost today, as it were. Okay? So, we know we have more negative flows underneath 6580, but chances are we are going to hold 6612. Chances are. Okay? Rotation, what are we looking at? A VWAP that is underneath price, so it's being supported. And a moving average that is also underneath price, momentum is lifting up. Pullbacks could easily be buy zones in this kind of formation. Is this something where we can steadily say, "Hey, absolutely, I'm going to buy here." Uh no. Why? What's trend? What's overall trend? Yeah, it's it's negative. Right? Whether we draw a line that comes into the 42 or we draw a line that comes this random zone right around here, it doesn't really matter. It's whether you use these to connect or these to connect, it's all relative. Okay? It's whatever whatever you're feeling, frankly. So, it's downward. What they want to do, the buyers, they want to get back up over this zone and all of this inventory that occurred at 8:30. That was some really ugly number. Cannot remember what it is, but it was the 9:30 Excuse me, the 8:30 candle that most of the day sat in. Right? Most of the day sat in that candle. I'll pull it all the way down into the actual 9:30 candle low because that's the big frame of reference. The move between 8:30 and 9:30. You might say, "Amelie, it feels arbitrary whether you're going 30 minutes, an hour, whether you're using the midnight or the four." No, it's not arbitrary. I'm looking at the market generated information that says after this event what happened? So, it's an event-driven decision. After this 30 minute, what happened? Well, it moved down, but then it moved up, and all of the candlesticks of reference are now sitting inside of that zone. Just for grins, what we're going to do is make sure we have a line at the high of our 4:00 a.m. candle. And wouldn't you know it, it's sitting right around a moving average. They're going to try and bounce there at the first pass. You know, you could take it there. The better bet is if old resistance confirms as new support. And that would be the current area of the anchoring of the VWAP, which is at 6634. Please remember, yesterday at 6630 or so, we had a trader put in a 1224 buy lot all at one time. My thought, either they're covering meaning they had the short and they're like, "Yeah, I think this is the bottom." So, they bought the cover or they were forced to buy. I That's a very big number to sit in a pre-market session. Okay? So, that number at 6630 is one we want to look at. I took a long time in the ES, so I'll zoom through the NQ, but before I go, let's do the regular stuff. Value area high Value area low 6742. And we know that number 6742. If per happenstance this formation falls out of bed. Where's the next test? would be the next test just from the measured move. Okay? I don't think that happens, but it could. Let's go to the NQ. Woah! Madness. Let's get this nice clean slate. Okay. First, let's check at the day. What are we staring down? Value area high 25,950 That's a big value area high. Value area low 24,791 So, let's take a look at how deep this fade was. My suspicion was that it would come somewhere around here. It really broke down. It went to 24,000 or thereabouts. Actually, it went to that wick. And it looks a little gappy, doesn't it? Okay, this is before this contract became active. So, this is the low of the day the contract became active. That's very interesting. There's 24,000 23,976 24,000. That's the range we want to watch. We do not want that to break. I'll just put a line there. My suspicion is that it holds. Okay? We've got all of this heavy congestion. And let's put a line near all of that heavy congestion up there at 24,661. That's just underneath the value area low for the daily candlesticks. Let's go into the 30-minute. Of course, you'll notice value area low and value area high are going to be different if you're looking at, you know, 10 days of candle pressure versus 4 weeks, which is, you know, we actually we're seeing something like 6 months if we are looking at a daily candle formation. But, looking at the 30-minute, the value area on the 30-minute is 25,217 on the high and 24,000 on the low. Fair bit of gap, but we're going to do the same thing. 30-minute formation. This looks like it did almost the entire candle. Yeah, almost. Came right to the base, held the wicks, big fat round number. A big fat round number will circumvent your chart moving into the ordinary space. Right? It It will circumvent that. And so, whereas it would normally come down to the base of the measured move, this big fat round number got in its way. So, that's what we're staring down. What's trend? Well, depends on where you look. It's down if you're looking this way. But, it's up, just like the ES, if you're looking this way. So, what does that tell you? We're in a little bit of a crosscurrent. Traders are looking for resistance. It's calling this to the upside. Naturally, of course, we want to see the support floor, but then the close of the day. So, this inventory here, where it says there's a ton of supply sitting, tells you, you know, we're going to have to work on that. So, that might be a pretty good target for the early part of the day if we end up getting some kind of monster move, which we could. Watch for it to come all the way back up. Remember, seasonality is telling us that this is the inflection zone between today and tomorrow. It's going to give us deep fades that shake the trees and move out or a general frame to the upside. But, at some juncture, the dips here are going to hold, so you want to be careful about what you're thinking. Let's go to the left and realize that the heavy congestion Oh, this is the third Where What is this? No, let's look at the 9:30 candle. 9:30 candle close from March the 3rd gives us the resistance edge for our opening 30-minute candlestick and really what we had in the overnight. So, where's our go no-go line? You know, I think it's the 30-minute low. I do. I I do believe it's the 30-minute low. Not that we can't break and go through, but if we break, go through, and then hold the line at 24,200, we should have upside pressure. Let's go to Bitcoin. Somebody took a Bitcoin long. Pretty significant Bitcoin long here because of the fact that they took a measured move event off of the 128 to zero. They did the half back. It's about 63,000 and and they bought the low. And they're continuing to buy the low and we can see that as they're building a piece of structure that says, "Hey, here's my support floor. I'm building this structure. So, the cloning of this structure is going to give us the upside pressure event. And that's really what we need to stare down. Notice it takes us right back to value area low. That's 84,000. If it gets back there, it's probably going to sell off again, but if you're looking for a short-term trade, watch for this structure to build. Up over 72 is that area and you can make a tidy bit. That being said, it's still in a bit of a death spiral, right? So, let's take a look at a death spiral. Yes. Yes, death spiral. So, let's take a look at the clean charts for the week. Value area high, 74,300. Value area low, 69,200. So, that's going to be the first target event. That 70,000 zone up above the edge, that's the first target and then the second target would be about 71,000. A lot of supply sitting here. What is trend? It's down. What is momentum? It's up. So, what are they trying to do? Find resistance. Very simply, find resistance. What is the candle in play today? Well, they filled the gap. Didn't they? Take a look at that. There's the close, and they filled it to the wick. What's the likelihood? Well, it depends. If that's all the gusto they had, going to be pretty bad. But, let's take a look at the 30-minute candle. Opening 30-minute candlestick, interestingly, the open was the high, and not until 11:00 p.m. Eastern time were they able to get over the top. So, what are we thinking? Here's our midnight candle. It's very narrow. And our 4:00 a.m. candle, also very narrow. And so, the midnight candle and the 4:00 a.m. candle share a region. Here's our midnight to 4:00 a.m. They share region at 67,765. That's as good a zone as you might like. If you want it, you could choose the 50% mark of that opening range. I'm either all or none. It's either going to come back to the top of the 30 and bounce, at which point I might consider taking something. But, I think I'd rather look down here at the bottom of the formation, and then watch it recover. That way, I've got a very tight stop if it breaks down, and I'm okay. So, that's what I'd be looking at, 65,700 or so. Let's take a look at oil. &gt;&gt; Oil. What a monstrosity of a move. Let's go to the daily. Oh my word. Somebody called 120 as the top. I cannot remember who. But have a gander at that. Wow. Okay, let's see how they came to the 120 number. Let's see if we can find a simple Fibonacci that takes us to that zone. Maybe we do high low. Nope, that's not it. Maybe they did something that I would do. And that is draw the range. That gives us about 19. And I guess if the traders are at 19 they're going to gun for 120. But that's what I would do. I would look at the relative range that gives me the break. And that seems to be where it's sitting. In in general. Maybe I actually have it there. Yeah. It's hard to say. It truly is. It truly is hard to say. But it's somewhere around here. I think it's the measured move event. Certainly, all all the way up into that zone. So, very interesting. This is a very emotional move. Watch that rocket ship come back to Earth, folks. Watch it. Listen, our administration is not going to let oil take us off a cliff in terms of CPI, PPI, and the like, inflation numbers, and that's that sort of thing. Let's take a look at what's going on this morning. 30-minute candlestick. Master commander today, right? Obviously, we had some news somewhere around between 10:00 and 10:30. I don't know what the news was, but we did have some news. So, what are we staring down? Here's our midnight candle close. That's 114.59. Very likely to put the brakes on any kind of additional upside move. This is my thought, anyway. And then, the lower edge ought to fill the gap. Now, I have to tell you, I have traded oil a lot. Sometimes very successfully, other times very unsuccessfully. But what I have noticed is that when this thing is en fuego, which is essentially where it is right now, you got to be very careful with your stops and paying attention. Now, volume's dropped off a little bit. We're still holding the 30-minute low, building new inventory event here. What's the trend? Well, it's upward here, but it's downward here. And so, what we're staring down is moving average down, VWAP down. Momentum carrying the floor. So, that's That's it. We are staring down the floors of this event. And so, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I I would like to see a deep dip. A very deep dip would give us a brand new buy. I don't think we're there yet. What we should see is a bounce back up into that 30-minute high, maybe even the midnight high, and then you know, a pullback that pullback that is going to be interesting. Right now, everybody's battling at the 4:00 a.m. candlestick open. And that number is 102.84. We could go in either direction here, folks. Trend tells us it's down in the short run. Trend also tells us that it's up in the long run. And so, we could have very wide wicks. Remember, we are looking at explosive motion. A gap up and a tremendous blow-off top. Calling it a blow-off top now because the wick above is so far. If we close the day on this kind of candle, and tomorrow we break down here, this is a classic exhaustion candlestick formation. It's got a horrible name. It's got It's called an abandoned baby. And so, um that's what we'll be staring down. Okay? So, close somewhere in this region of 98 to 100. That's my suspicion. I'm not touching oil today. No, thank you. Let's see if gold has rolled to the Nope. Still here on the twos. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; All right. Gold Gold has probably flummoxed a fair group of individuals. Why? They think Oh my goodness, geopolitical risk. Gold's got to come down. I mean, excuse me, gold's got to go up. And I mean, it's still holding trend. There's no doubt about it. But it definitely has come off of its high formations. Sitting in positive momentum in general. So, our deep dips are going to be buys. Deep dips are going to be buys. Value area high 4885. We're well above that. Value area low 3905. That's on a daily formation. Intraday value areas are the following. 30-minute intraday value area high 5100 84. You might say that's 5200. Value area low for this 30-minute intraday formation 5090. Now, what are we doing? What's this? Yes, it is inventory accumulation. Inventory accumulation. So, what what's what's happening? What's what's going on? I think they're still in this big pocket. They're still in this big pocket, but let's see what happened in the overnight. This looks very different to the index the ES or the NQ index. But maybe a lot more like commodities in general. So, there's our measured move. It broke the ledge. Remember, we have a tendency to see this in metals. It will break the low, chase the folks in who have got you know, the stop sell engaged for the break of whatever low, and then, you know, they'll come back and hold. So, I always go to the left and look for a wick to see if I can find it. And that's the 5025. There's a lot of supply building here at 5060. If they move through that level at 5060 and fail the zone, we want to watch for them to lift above it. That would be essentially the support line for buyers, right? That's the go no-go line. This 30-minute formation is not really resistance. It's cresting into that edge. The 30-minute low is Excuse me, the 30-minute close is all the way up here at 5163. The hourly candle formation I mean, you could say that that's the real edge. This is interesting. Let's um Let's pull an audible here. If per happenstance we use the 30 minutes Excuse me, the 1-hour high low and clone that comes awfully close to the support ledge and the wick. So, maybe it's this hour, this ledge here. This is what I'm really staring at. This ledge down here where everybody has been battling for a while. Gets up over 5113, it could be a long, but trend, friends, trend is lower. So, if it's a long, don't hold it until sunshine hits the screens. Uh just be careful, right? You want to be very, very careful here. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Okay. Um now, let me look at spy. Hang on 26. I'll firm at 6. Okay. Let's take a look at spy. We've got a break through. We're going to have a pretty solid gap down. Um Okay. Sorry about that, folks. I had to get a note back to someone who needs something very quickly this morning. Okay. The line in the sand for the traders to get back to is going to be $670. Right, we've gapped down significantly from that edge. And so, this is really going to be the number they have to hold, 690. Look at how far away we are from value area low. Value area low is 680. So, we're 10 points away from that. Value area high, 690. The call walls and such, probably um probably not something to be concerned with at this juncture. Put walls, we should see an unwind if price action holds. Again, I do believe that traders are very likely to get caught offsides thinking that this is a real breakdown when maybe it isn't, right? We're just in a very big range. So, for the spy, we've got 170 and then the gap fill will be at 172.66. Last 30 minutes of the trading day, that 2:30 reversal is huge. So, yeah, that's the number we're looking for. If it's above that number, we've got buying pressure that's going to hold on. Momentum really is not savagely negative, but see these formations here? Very ugly. There's no trend. And so, what we want to do is remove this alert and then reset it. That's probably the top of the range. Okay, everybody, that's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
