VIDEO 055: https://youtu.be/NpXawNsyK_Q

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Good morning everyone. Today is Friday, March the 6th and this is the Money Ball Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band. We're looking at the E-mini S&amp;P charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Memento Key. So, first the big numbers. What are we looking at? Call wall still at 6950. Put wall still at 6700. Range still caught in the range. Value area high 6875 ish. Value area low 6775 ish. So, what do we What did we see yesterday? We had a great setup yesterday. These both of the levels that we had for the break through and the break through at support and the break through at resistance worked very, very well. The 4:00 a.m. candle has been running the show this week. Running the show. 30 minutes high of that's This is yesterday's trading data. The 30-minute opening candlestick represented the high for the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. Today where is our 4:00 a.m. candlestick? Yes, same thing. 30-minute opening range 4:00 a.m. candle high and it's the alerts to watch. It's going to be our go, no go. It was our go, no go yesterday as well and you can see that there was a very big battle right at that edge coming into the early part of the morning. You could have been chopped up a lot, but if you notice trend and you notice drifting momentum, you could have sold the bounce and then rotated down on the fake. So, let's see what we see today. Our 4:00 a.m. candlestick high, 68 38 or so. 4:00 a.m. candle low, 6815. Now, remember this was where we had a lot of price action occur in days past. We're seeing it again. 1 2 and 1/2 hours grinding through these motions. This line here at 6800-ish is a line that everyone is watching. Everyone is watching it very, very closely. It's right at that 6800, big fat round number. Here's the thing, at these big round numbers, when you notice price action really duking it out at these areas and they collapse and don't return, there's usually a great big flush. What's happening here is they continue to buy the dip, and they, I mean, buyers in general still holding the floor of front-line support as you know, we get all kinds of news from all over the place. So, what do we have? Upside from underneath. Downside from above. That means we watch range to range. We stopped on this pullback at literally at the halfway marker for this 4-hour candle. Now, we're right back in the 4-hour candle body. Where's the first test? I think the halfway line, 6828. That's the bounce action up into the opening 30-minute candlestick. Notice, this zone at the low of that 30-minute event is still looking like resistance. It still is, and that is 6821. If we break above it, we should go to the top of the 4-hour candlestick formation, which is also the top of our 30-minute candlestick formation, and that price is 68 38. Current trend mixed, momentum mixed, cuz it's sitting in the middle of the range. Sticky bits, another day of pick up sticks. But, if you use the ranges and plan out the trade, you're going to be able to go support to resistance, from resistance to support. And watch the halfway markers today between these uh 4-hour formations, they're going to matter. They're going to matter. 4-hour chart really doing the 4:00 a.m. candlestick, excuse me, is really doing the job working through price. All right, let's take a look at the NQ. All right. So, we Let's see how Let's remove this alert. We'll just put it as a line. This is our 4:00 a.m. candlestick. Let's see how well rotation did to the downside. Because of my insomnia, I have not been trading very much. Literally halfway, perfect. That's just exactly what these boxes are supposed to do. The halfway marker is a critical mass zone for price action to do its thing, and so that line of 24,779, that is an important region for us to look at. So, 4:00 a.m. candlestick today, pretty wide. Let's take a look at it, how it measures up to the rest of the board. 30 minutes opening high, it breached that for bits on its open, and then collapsed. Trend down, so it's telling us that the bounces are sell zones. That's that morning trend event. So, now let's clone it down. Not holding very well here. Clone it again. So, what do I see here from this 4-hour formation? I mean, 4:00 a.m. formation. Not Not a ton. It's not obeying. It's not obeying the price action very well. So, my thought would be Let's have a peek at an hourly candlestick rotation. That looks much better. Oh, shucks. Let me try that one more time. Hourly formation. It's doing a lot better. It's It's doing a lot better, but still not great. But But definitely better. Let's see where this If I've got the markers right on this one. 30-minute. It's right there, and 30-minute is right there. Yes. Okay. So, those are doing a lot better. When you draw the boxes out and they are not matching, try another Try another time frame. So, apparently for the uh NQ, we're looking at the high box for the first hour of price action. And so, where is the go no-go line? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Of course, we normally think about that being as um No, I don't want that one. I want I don't want that one. I want this one. We normally think about that being somewhere around here, pre-market low. So, we'll put the alert right there. So, the go no-go line, 24,000 860. What do we expect price action to do? Well, we've got higher lows. Right? We've got our higher lows here in the near term. Coming off of candlestick pressure. And so, that is going to matter. They are still buying the dips. Don't short the lows. That's what the answer to that is. And then up here, we watch that rotation. And we have the same wide-angle range. Got to be careful here, folks. You can really mess up your risk parameters doing this. High end, I would not be surprised to see the point of control get tested at 25,100. Let's take a look at the big numbers. Holy smokes. Okay. So, call wall, 25,200. Whoa. Where is the Oh my. 23,500 on the put wall in the NQ. Traders are getting nervous. There's a lot of bearish positioning here. You know, a lot of people say, "Hey, that's a countertrend indicator." And that very well might be so, but we don't really care about anything other than what price is doing. We're using everything else as, "Hmm, isn't that interesting?" So, value area high, 25,200. Value area low, 24,650. That's what we're staring down. So, big mess, big noise. A lot of people saying, "Hey, everybody Ryan Dietrich put a smart-aleck event out there that said, 'Hey, everybody's really bearish. What do you think happens next? And listen, traditionally there is truth to that. It's when it rotates out. And so you you have to really somebody said it yesterday when I was talking to them. You have to be really an investigator when you're looking at the markets and think about things objectively in both sides of the space. Okay, next What are we looking at? Bitcoin? This one's really seeing a resurgence of commentary. My thought was 74,000 is the do or die for buyers. And wouldn't you know it, they could not stay over the line. Could not. Put wall below at 68,000 900 or 69,000. Where's the call wall? Oh, the call wall is here at 72,000. What are the traders doing? Well, they're selling it back down. So, let's go to the 4-hour chart and see what's going on. Here's our formation that I drew up for us. These are our zones of inventory accumulation. And true to form went to the top, went to max max high at that 74,000 and could not hold it. So, what are we staring down now? Higher lows? It's still saying buy the dip. Momentum and trend in the short term is short. Where is the go no go line today? You know, we're standing right on top of it at 70,000. It also happens to be uh What is that number? I always forget. Looks like the point of control might be the VWAP. But we're putting an alert here. It's going to go off. Right? It's right here on this edge. Take a look at this 30-minute formation. If they do not hold all of this inventory to the upside, we are going to see price action go right back to the pool wall. What do I think? Well, I'm a little bearish here. It didn't come to 74. That being said, they are still trying to buy the dip. Now, that's broken. The trend is broken by time and not price, meaning it's moved sideways at a support location. So, it could go either direction. When it does break, watch for the look below and fail to go long into resistance or the look below and hold, excuse me, the look below and go for it to move further. That's what this is a look below, the test up, then go. So, it's if and then. Okay? That's how that goes. That's what we're staring down for Bitcoin. Let's go to oil. Somebody put a big short on oil yesterday. Some magazine, obviously, they're supposed to be tremendously prescient and they are going to get destroyed unless they manipulate the market. So, what are we staring down? Straight-through moves essentially stays closed. Nobody's really taking uh the president up on the transports guarantee. He's saying the naval ships will move it uh will move oil through the Strait of Hormuz and provide the insurance. Uh the United States would provide the insurance events that they could buy because Lloyd's of London and the like have said, "No, no, we're not doing that." Where are we? Hitting the call wall, 85. What is price action telling us? Well, we have a combination. This is like the worst possible thing that could happen to the administration. Some of us are cheering, some of us are not. Doesn't really matter, right? That's not not important. What we're staring down is what's happening geopolitically and because we have no infrastructure spend for the last 10 years. And literally, when oil stops moving, all of those fissures start to widen. I don't know if you've read any Asia news, but I mean, there is trouble. A lot of things happening in other countries that don't look very good. And it's because their access to the oil has been stopped and they have very few reserves. Okay, so what's next? Well, let's clone this. Right at the top of this range, this could be a little bit of a topping event. Watch them argue around here. If it moves further to the north, then we've got 90 next on the horizon. And there is gamma line up there, interestingly enough, at 90.02. Now, what are we staring down here? Well, this is a broadening wedge right up against the call wall. Uh the gamma flow is positive here for oil. So, this is not going to be an electric shoot to the north. It could be a break above and fail, right? A look above and fail. And so, we want to be very careful in the regions between 84 and 86. The go no go line. What did the 4:00 a.m. candlestick do? 4:00 a.m. has been critical of late, and it's because you know, we've got a lot of emerging everybody just ran to emerging markets in Europe and now they're getting smashed for doing that. You just cannot believe the narrative people. Just don't believe it. It's just lies. It's crazy. Anyways, I just put on put my tin foil hat back in the drawer. Sorry about that. Next line upward 8754, but we could see a lot of noise up here. I would not go long here unless it confirms positively and we've got momentum drift telling us that that is not true. Let's look at gold. Let's see if the contracts rolled. We had a break through event here. Going to remove this alert. Uh wow. Okay, Asia. Look at this Asia candle. That sticks out dramatically to me because we are holding the low. It also happens to be right at the low of the opening 30-minute candlestick. Do or die for gold here. Do or die for gold. Now, a lot of folks are saying, "Why this is all geopolitical risk? Why isn't gold moving up?" Because gold wasn't moving up in the first place because of geopolitical risk. And plus we've got the dollar strengthening. And so all of those things really bringing the metals down. Just watch price. Don't think about the narrative outside of price. Look at price first and then build the narrative. Not the other way around, okay? Don't build a narrative and then go to price. You're going to lose that way. How do I know this? Uh cuz I've done that and you lose that way. So, just trying to save you. All right. Here's what we have next. The upside clone in gold puts us above value area high, which is 5200. Value area low 5080. That's where we're dancing right now. Below 5,025. Where is the go no go line here for the buyers in gold today? Looks like 5,060. Now, where is momentum? It's below the halfway mark, so that's kind of bearish. Very deep bounces still sell zones. They've been sell zones for 4 days and then some. It's the same here. Here is the call wall. It's up at 5150. The put wall is at 4900. Bounces are sell zones. Watch the ranges. A lot of inventory getting accumulated inside of this 830 candlestick. Literally, this chart has moved nowhere since that 830 bounce. They gave every bit of it back. What does that say? I read about some countries liquidating some gold because they had to. I don't know what that means. But, sticky bits. Let's take a look at 680. I think it's still important today. Still important yesterday. It was whoopsie. I've got two alerts sitting right on top of each other. My apologies. Okay, so we've got 680 on the bid side. Um definitely got lower highs here. And above that. My thought is 685 is the line that the buyers will likely run out of fuel. The lower edge is yesterday's low. We want to pay attention to that. That's 675. We are dancing right at the put wall, folks, at 680. Call wall, 690. The traders have a lot to go off of. If they break through this again and stay below, this chart is in negative gamma flow, so the breakdown amplifies the move in the direction of motion. So, listen. Hang on. Don't go big size. And don't sit in a trade all day if it's not doing what you want. Just get out. All right? Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
