VIDEO 056: https://youtu.be/CTejBiABoJY

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, March the 5th. My name is Amarie Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. charts by Trendpider and gamma flows by Menthther Q. We are taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. We're in a pretty big range. If we stare through the entire picture, we essentially have a box of noise that we are going to break out of at some juncture and it's going to send us in a measured move in one direction or another. And it's a pretty big box. It's about 150 points, maybe 200 points. So, it could be a big move some point later. That being said, here we are stuck in this great big box. So, what's happening in the overnight? Well, inventory is a little bit negative, but the traders are trying to recover, lifting off of the floor. We've seen that a lot in this pre-market motion. By about 6:00 a.m., it starts lifting, right? This one was a little bit messy, but it did lift and continue to lift. Same sort of thing going on here. What is our backdrop? Well, our backdrop is still as muddy as ever, and we're still sort of parsing through news and going through earnings. Broadcom did very well and guided higher. So, there are a lot of things that look bright. Now, that being said, we have a 4:00 candlestick that's really pretty wide. This 4:00 a.m. candlestick is the one we need to watch at our 30 minute high low. is marking the current resistance and that's 686. Let's go through some levels. Call wall 6950. Put wall 6700. Value area low 6794. Value area high 6,900. And we're sitting in the midst of that. What might we look for in terms of frontline support? Well, my thought is always the pre-market low. We want to pay attention to that. And so, we're going to leave that number right at around 68.40. We're going to put an alert there. And if it comes down into that zone and our momentum is still above zero, we're in good shape. For by zone, pullbacks could bounce. We are very sideways. We are inside of Wednesday's price formation and we're going to stay in there probably. Now, the 9:30 candlestick from yesterday is also in this deep congestion zone, which is why I think this area at 68.40 is a very nice buy zone. If the price action comes in there and our momentum is above zero, that's going to make for a very nice buy. Upward projections 68.889 6906 and then max 6915. If per happen stance we lose 68.40. The next line is 6814 or thereabouts. and then value area low which remember is 6796 and then the next significant low in this near-term at 6783. My suspicion is that it is just as choppy as yesterday, but the dips are going to be buys. They are. They're going to be buys, especially if we get up and hold over those VWAPs and the moving average. That's just what I'm seeing. Taking a look at the NQ monster rebound yesterday. Really big rebound. Pulled back into the close. And that close, that close gives us a little bit of frontline support/resistance. It's a region to watch. 25,98. Let's go through the big numbers. Call back up at 26,000. Interesting. Put wall 23,500. So, they're expanding the sides of this motion, making the highs higher and the lows lower. If we take a look at price action, we can see that we're trying to hold inside of this big pocket and break out of it. So the breakthrough area 25,217 which is really close to value area high is going to be a pretty good number to watch. And then the number after that will be 25,350. Where's the go no-go line? Where's that support structure? To me it looks like 24,955. So, if we come into that area, we could easily find some buyers. Now, let's take a look at the 9:30 candle. Same thing, huge inside. We're generally inside of this range, but that 930 high as with the ES is showing as near-term resistance at this juncture. Let's um sorry 10:30 high and the 930 high is that a support near 24,970. I've picked 24,955 to put an alert on. It's somewhere around there. Okay. Pullbacks ought to be buy zones provided momentum stays to the north. It does look like a dip buying formation in the current structure. Could the dips be deep? Yes. And so we would look for 24,824 to potentially 24,785. Baseline event 24,600. That gives back everything that we had yesterday. And the 4hour candlestick formation seems to be holding us in this range. So very sideways. Work on the edges, right? Give yourself a little bit of room, but work on the edges of the pressure. Okay, let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. Micro Bitcoin is doing a pretty good job of moving up out of its pocket. So, let's take a stare down of this. In general, this chart has been landlocked since the beginning of February. Okay. So earlier actually yesterday I said you know this area near 73,000 is a do or die for the buyers also do or die for the sellers. So I expect a bit of noise here. I do I expect a bit of noise. That being said, the breach above 74,200, that's going to give us buying area. The ideal event, of course, generally speaking, would be the retest of the breakout formation, which is rounded about 70,567. What are the numbers here? Well, we've got a put wall all the way up at 80,000. The call wall down here at 73,000. Value area low 64,500. Value area high 70,130. So, the pullback into that 70,000 area seems like the best bet, but momentum is very steep. And so on the 4 hour, if momentum is steep, you know, we've got ourselves some pretty bullish behavior, this should should uh break to the north. But this is also a place I would consider a double top and I would try to short it much like our classroom studies on uh Topstep Discord yesterday where I took the counter trend short down into the first line of support and that's what we seem to be testing right now. So, let it head up there. See if it goes. And well, if it starts pulling back, you've got yourself a short. Looks really pretty bullish today. Pretty bullish. As long as it holds 72,000, I think the buyers are going to win this race. We'll put an alert there. And that is liquidity coming into the market. that normally gives us some bullish price action. Let's take a look at oil. Oil sitting in a one, two, threeday pocket. It moved up into $77.98, $78, something like that. That is still the breakaway formation. Still breakaway for this chart. And so above 78, the max line is 80. In the near term, momentum is down. Moving averages are up. The 4 a.m. candlestick here pretty large. Pretty large. everybody's inside of it to include the 30 minute high low which is now giving us a measure of frontline support and that number is 7618. Now the real number I'd want to take a position long in would be 7440. That's right on the VWAP. I like that area if it can come in up here. It could easily be a nice trade, but there's a fair bit of risk associated there since it has done the job of of uh giving us a topping event and is in the middle of lower lows and lower highs. Taking a look. Oopsie. What happened here? Taking a look at Know why that's giving me a sidebar. Taking a look at gold. Let's take a peek. Gold is retracing a fair bit of its motion. Okay. And what we are seeing is very heavy congestion over the last three days. What's the better trade? Dips 5110. Goodbye. A good buy zone. Here's another one. If you lose it and recapture it, 51 5132. That's a really nice zone for a pullback area because it is so landlocked. And then the breakout near 522. We know that zone very well. 5220 and then the next spot would be 5250. What do we expect here? Generally sideways. Look at this pocket of rotation. stayed there for days. I think we'll easily do the same thing here. Only the range is a little wider. So, it gives us a lot of room. 5220 to 5250 looks like a fair place to set up a short. I you know, it's it's very hard to say what this chart is doing. It's seriously very messy. That being said, we're having a pervasive bid underneath. So, as long as momentum stays positive, pullbacks or buy zones into the lower edges of congestion, particularly, I would not be surprised to see gold move back just a little bit more and then bounce. The double bottoming here is at this $5,020. This is the measured move. It looks very good. So 520, $5,025. That would be a double bottom event. Very nice price action. If it comes to that area would be a nice buy. Okay, so finally we take a look at SPY. And look at this. incredibly sideways. We've got an upper edge at 689 and a lower edge at 680. What do we want to do there? If it comes to the bottom, stand to the side. Once it recovers the bottom, you're in really great shape. Now, what if we use the 930 candlestick to help us figure out directional flow? There's the 9:30 candle. Maybe that ends up being support. Right now, they're battling at the 10:30 candle open. That's That's not a bad one. So, that's the 9:30 close, 68550, and 683. So, what's the storyboard? If the price action is really bullish today, looks to me like the furthest we would pull in would be the 9:30 high from yesterday. And that's 86 683 and some change. If not, we've got a fade into the closing zone. And that gives us the region around what is that number 680. Okay. So let's get some numbers. Call wall 700 back up at 700. Port wall 675. Value area high 681. Okay. So that's great for the pullback there. and value area that was value area low value area high 689. Okay, that looks like dips or buys. Now we know that at some juncture at any point in time markets could lose their levels. So where would that be? My thought is first of all the the congestion zone at 684 is a big support area. 683. As long as it holds that area, it'll be a buy zone. If it loses that zone, step out of the way and then head back to buying pressure at 680. or if you're inclined to short, have it come down, bounce, and give you a lower high, and you'll be able to take care of that. All right, folks. That's it. I'll see you on the streams.
