VIDEO 057: https://youtu.be/RtffMjK3sWA

Okay. Um, there we go. All right. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Um, so happy to have you. My apologies if you got this and you're like, I don't want to be here. Just go ahead and leave. I I get in a rush to get in here and Bonehead Fred over here just forgets to uncclick the notify everybody. So, I am sorry. I really am. All right. Today is Wednesday, March the 4th. It is the middle of the week. The middle of the week has some very interesting statistical events that go along with it. So, first things first, I'm going to remove all the drawings because my goal is to share with you how to approach the market every day in an incredibly systematic fashion. First thing, let's see what the daily chart does. We're looking at the ES. It's 803. I'm going to stay here for about 90 minutes right until the open. We'll watch what's going on. What is the price action telling us from a daily perspective? Momentum says it's slightly dipping, but the buyers are still coming in. You can see the wicks at the bottom here. And these wicks tell us selling has stopped. And so, if you say to yourself, gosh, how do I know what where my support is? your support is going to be where the selling stops. So when you look at something like this, you go, uh-oh, there's a lot of arguing about where the selling should have stopped and where the buying should begin. My perspective as a trader, I will look at how many times it holds the level and if I can see that level in play. So a couple of things I'm noting over the last five trading days. one, I'm making lower highs and lower lows except for yesterday, which gives me, oh, excuse me, except for this morning, which is giving us a higher low. So, that's very important. What we want to do is make sure that we have a line that's sitting right at the pre-market low so far. Now, when we go to the ENQ to break it down, I'm going to show you some interesting things. But at this juncture, it says we are caught in a wide and messy range and the deep dips are buys and the big spikes are sells. We have um the point of control sitting near 20ish and that's an important level for us to consider. Okay, let me do I need to pull up my live trading platform on this other machine because what I want to see is cumulative delta and all of the things associated with delta as well as the big trades that came through the night. So far, we're in a dip buying formation. The last thing we want to do is say, "All right, in retrospect to the prior day, are we holding support or are we looking at something that looks like a potential resistance area?" So, the very interesting thing is, how do you know that? You take the the last day because it's inside. Today's day is an inside day. You take the prior day and you say, "Okay, I'm going to measure the low to the high. I'm going to divide it in half and I'm going to let that be something that tells me if I'm above this zone, buyers are going to be more interested. And if I'm below the zone, sellers are going to be more interested." And interestingly enough, that's our weekly kickoff low. Now, I don't know how that number is calculated. I think it's a little bit of wizardry, but it sure does work. And so, we're going to keep our eyes on that line. Actually, 6796. Okay. Now, let's go directly to the 30 minute because this is where the trade gets set up. As you remember, there are a couple of boxes that I look at every single morning in terms of price action. I look at the first 30 minutes of the trading day. Then I will look at the midnight candle. Where is that? 23. Wow, that midnight candle's very tight. But again, what we're noticing is that midnight candle is giving us a support floor that we can see with some of the bigger lines that we've drawn on the daily chart. This kind of confluence is really important. What I'm going to do now is delete some of these lines. So, we really have the VWAP and then a wide moving average. It's a 30. I'm actually going to make that a 14. And then we'll do it that way. Okay. So now we can see on the 30-inut chart we're above the VWAP. We're above a 14 simple moving average. Our momentum is up. So it's telling us intraday we've got dip buying. Okay. Set up the framework. Now the next thing we want to look at, why do we look at the midnight candle? Because it's when Asia begins to wind down. That's a very important space. Closing orders just like us. when when we start closing orders, they're going to look at our 2:30, 3:00, 3:30, 4:00 areas. The next thing we want to do is we want to look at the 4:00 a.m. candle, and that's because that's when Asia, excuse me, that's when Europe decides they're going to start opening. Well, they don't decide. They've already decided. So, here's Europe. It's back inside of the opening range of the GlobeEx. So now that we have our boxes in play, let's frame it out. What happened in the first 30 minutes to 2 hours of trading totally sideways. We broke the top. Notice the range. Remember, I got a note, a DM from someone this morning and they said, you know, I just want to tell you thanks because the dime probably just dropped and I had the great big aha moment and I just want to say thank you for that. So, why does somebody get an aha moment? Because they stop just looking and they actually observe. And that's the difference. You can look at something and go, "Yeah, I see that." But the observation is what gives you that insight. So let's frame out the simple pieces. Always simple first. We've got upside pressure. Man, I wish this thing would be drives me crazy. Okay, so upside pressure on this framework. We have a little bit of downside pressure, but it's broken. It's broken through. So, you can look at something like that and say, "All right, I had a downside pressure event, but it broke." And now that you look at that, you go, "Oh, that's my Europe candle opening up and they're thrusting forward in price." So, what is the slope of momentum and the slope of trend? Essentially sideways. So, what does this tell you? It tells you if I break to the north, I'm going to head to resistance. And that resistance is going to provide an area that prices come back. Look at where they come back to. One, the top of the 4 a.m. candlestick. So, what does this mean by default? Uh, you better have that line drawn so you can look at that and go, "Oh, I wonder if it'll hold the VWAP." Well, it is the top of the 4 hour the 4 a.m. candlestick. I'll give it a go. And then your risk is carefully managed. This 30 minute opening formation for me it drives a majority of motion. Once in a while other things take over, but this is a very choppy marketplace because I am completely inside of yesterday's range. And so what would John Hogland tell us? they would he would say wait for better price wait for price location to tell you what to do. So let's go ahead and set this up. We know the 30 minute is here. Yesterday's 30 minute formation is yesterday's 30-inut low is way up here at 6870. We're gonna make that orange so we can see yesterday's framework. And the big opening formation, which is critical, comes right into a line that we've already established on the daily chart. So, we're not going to move it. We're going to leave that edge and we're going to go, "Yeah, that's a little bit squishy." So, this is what we're staring down. This will be our go no-go line. So, you might go, "What are you talking about?" The go no-go line is the line I like to say is, listen, above it, we're going to see buyers. Below it, we're going to see more sellers. In the middle of this squish, we'll have to take it on a tighter time frame to get our trades positioned. Okay. So now we're looking for do we break out of this range and head up the rails into the prior days 30 minute formation or do we fade? You can see them trying to sell it up here. You can absolutely see them trying to sell it up here. And so that's going to be something that you watch. If you're saying, "Oh my gosh, there's just too much to look at." That's fair. trim it down and just go with one of these boxes. But if you can think in layers, you're going to see, particularly if the 4:00 a.m. candlestick comes out, breaks to the north, comes back and holds back to the upward space, you're going to be able to clone it forward and take it into the next levels. This happened perfectly yesterday, which is why I want to say, look at this. This is the 4 a.m. candlestick. It proved itself as important because it came right down and bounced off of the top and the VWAP and now it's sitting here. So, what could you do? Could you go, hey, this is a short. Here's what I know. It's either going to work or it won't. That's all I know. But what I do know is I've measured the move up. It's at the top of the range. I have sideways pressure in terms of the t of the moving averages and I have damp momentum. So all of this tells me, hey, I got a short. But see, I wouldn't be able to come to that with confidence unless I had built these boxes, stared at the rotation, looked at price action from a daily perspective, and then said, "Here's my trade. I set it up on the 30 minute." My trades are always set on a 30 minute chart. if you like tighter frameworks. See, I use the 30 minute because I am a slow thinker. Now, I'm very comfortable with being a slow thinker. I'm also a deep thinker. And so, the layers can come to me in those spaces where I go, okay, I get it. I get it. I'm I understand what's going on here, but I am not a quick thinker. If you are a quick thinker, then you can collapse to tighter time frames knowing in the back of your mind what the bigger time frame what the bigger time frame is telling us. Okay, so that being said, oh, you guys can't see. I've already done that. I am so sorry. What a knucklehead, Fred. No, that's not the right one. Is that the right one? Hang on. Let's share the screen. Oh my gosh, fellas. I am so sorry. Make selection. Share this screen. Okay, folks. I'm so sorry. I am. I am. I know you can be disgusted. You can you can be disgusted. Oh, for heaven's sakes. See, you got to have you got to give me grace because I am a nut job. I'm just a little bit crazy. Okay, so hopefully uh you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to post this in the coach room afterwards because I did record it and so you should be able to see it. So again the framework is I have a a momentum indicator. I have a momentum indicator and we got to listen and imagine. Yeah. Sometimes imagining is good, sometimes it's bad. Hey, here's something happening. I expect this to absolutely collapse. What's happening is that price action is building pressure at this 6847 area. So, what I want to do is now drill down to the five minute. Now, I want to see, okay, is it holding? What's it doing? I'm at the top of the 4hour. Notice here's what I did. I took the 4hour candlestick that proved itself out as a break to the north and the reversal. And then I said, "Okay, let's measure the move up." That means I clone the box and I put it above. And then I clone the box and I put it above. It's coming into yesterday's value area high and it's beginning to bounce. So what I want to do, I'm going to move my stop down a little bit. So do I expect it to break down? Yes. I actually expect it to go all the way to the VWAP. But I am seeing a lot of buying pressure sitting in this space. And so I am going to preserve profit. This is new market generated information that tells me, hang on, your target is still good, but just in case buyers decide that they're going to come in to yesterday's value area high, I'm going to get out a dodge. So, I would not have gotten um Whoops. So, let's move it down again. See if we can get 600 out of this trade. Let's pull it here. What am I looking at? High. Low. lower high, lower low. Now I've got another lower high and another lower low right here on the five minute. So far so good. And the goal is because the price action is sideways on the bigger time frame, the goal is simply to walk price action down. Okay, that is hilarious. Now, why would you want me to get stopped out? Talk to me. It probably will. So, there you have it. You got your wish. Because you took an L today. I'm sorry. So, this is an example of shiden. Shouten. I forget what that German word is. I don't mind. See, my account is still up. I see the bouncing. Now, what do I want to do? see the wicks. Here's the interesting thing about trading. Once you get into a trade, you have this thought. You have this thought, hey, things are going to fade. Things are going to go. But when you're there, you have to make sure that what you're seeing is what the trade actually has tried to predict. And so here I'm expecting a double topping formation because of my measured move. I want it to come down to the base of the formation. My momentum and trend say that's fairly valid. You could try that. But what I notice is that where it should immediately fade, it's fighting. And so if I want to get a green trade to start my day, I'm going to say I think I'll take some profit. Now the other trader, let's say you're trading an MEES and you got a couple of mees, right? Two is always a good way to do an MEES because you can really uh lever into the trade. The trade structure will naturally have the most Um, I love it that you have this much pro uh confidence in yourself. Um, K creative K creative creative. Yeah, I love it. Creative says, "Hey, you know, you would have gotten take profit if I hadn't have said, by the powers of Yahoo, um, I command you to have run into your stop-loss." So I admire that confidence. I do. It's required to trade. You cannot trade scared. You simply cannot. It's just not the best thing to do. So Pedro says reload. Well, let's go back to the 30 minute and let's take a peek there. My 30 minute doesn't really tell me that reloading is a great idea. It's not a bad idea, but it's got a lot of risk associated with it. Why? Because what I really want to see, I want to see the buyers absolutely collapse and fall off a cliff. And they're not. They're fighting. They're fighting for that upside pressure. So, what do you say to yourself? I'll tell you what you say to yourself. Wait. Right. Wait. Wait. Is not a bad word. But we are all incredibly impatient. Now, your question might be, Emmery, why isn't the 30 minute telling me to reload at this juncture? Well, because it's trying to hold value area high, so I know at least they're fighting. And my goal is, listen, here's a great thing about working for yourself or not working on a desk. If you were working on a desk, and I used to do work with SMB Capital years and years ago, and here's how it goes on a desk. If the setup is there, you better take it, and you're going to come into my office and tell me why you didn't take it if it was sitting there. The next thing would be you better use all the facilities at your resource level so that you can make as much as you can because see that seat you're in I'm paying for and you better be producing. That's a lot of pressure. It is. A lot of people cannot handle that pressure. I personally do not like that pressure. I don't because I'm a slow thinker. If I'm a fast thinker, yeah, but I'm not. I mean, I know myself very well. The key point is this. You can wait until your setup looks cleaner than how it currently looks right now. If I look over at cumulative delta in the ES, it looks pretty bullish, right? That's the next thing that we want to examine here. The there's a fair bit of bullish pressure. And so I I'm not going to I'm not going to reload at this time. What you said about confidence resonates with me. It makes sense why I'm up on my 5K on my practice and yet true and yes, true impatience has been my downfall. So, no, you don't have to laugh at each other. You know, here's the thing. Don't take yourself too seriously, please. It's not fun for anybody. Just relax. Relax. Take a breath. If you can't relax sitting at your screen, then step away from your screen until you can relax. Okay? You're always going to have an adrenaline rush. Don't make that adrenaline rush work against you, right? Fuel it into a more concentrated kind of thinking. All right, let's do the very same setup in the NQ. It's 8:28. I have no idea if we've got news coming out. Listen, it's very bad if you don't know if news is coming out. And I have no idea why I sound like I swallowed a frog or a gnat. Uh, it could be allergies. Springtime again, I am allergic to everything. So, I'm very high strong personality. My apologies. Okay, so let's go to the ENQ. What I'm going to do is remove all the drawings. And again, thank you for being here. I appreciate you. I really do. Uh, I really do. A rumor that got me out of bed was that Iran wants to talk. Listen, Iran is always going to say they want to talk. What we have to realize is that we are in a very heavy news cycle and we're going to have peaks and troughs. An unpopular take, I'll give it to you. You can tell me I'm full of garbage. An unpopular take is that this rotation is simply a repricing. It's a repricing of risk. This has got nothing to do about war. Repricing of risk. Private equity market is in a little bit of a poo show. And so, um, we've got things that we we have to stare down. Private equity is one of them. So, let's take a look at this one. The line is kind of crap, to be honest. If I try to mesh these two lines, here's why I don't trade with trend lines. I could literally have an infinite number of lines going down in this direction depending on what I wanted to pick. But the storyboard is the same inside candlestick. What do we drew? We draw a Fibonacci. Make sure it's holding 50%. It is. Tada. The no the go no-go line with a lot of squishy bits is going to be right around here. Right. And that blue is what we're after. Right. Right around this zone. Uh two 24,637. So that's our go no go line. Now, you might go, "Well, Amory, look, I mean, it just Yeah, don't take the trade here. Let the trade do its thing. See if it looks below and then goes or it looks below and fails. That's going to be the best thing." But look at this. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 days. Out of the last 14 days, this chart sat in the ranges that we are staring at right now. That's a big deal. Sellers going to want to unwind their position above 25,70. They're going to feel a lot of pain if they look there. So, let's go and see what they're doing. We know what's going on on the daily. We know we've got they're trying to buy the bottoms, but it's very sticky. So, the kickoff low is very likely at target area. Now, let me show you something very fascinating about the NQ on a Wednesday. Statistically speaking, the Wednesday candlestick formation is very important to the ENQ for the midnight candle. And so let's take a look at this midnight low, midnight high. Okay. So what we have is two and a half hours in this formation and it holds the framework. Statistically speaking this candlestick gets retested on a Wednesday more than any other day of the week. Get that from Edgeville. If you don't have Edgeful and you like looking at probabilities to help you trade well, it is very reasonably priced and the information is rockstar good. It truly is rockstar good. Okay, so there is the midnight low. Let's go to 4:00 a.m. Oh, look at this. Very pretty. 4:00 a.m. What does it do? Breaks out. Argues at the top of the 30 minute. This is why this sort of stuff happens, folks. It's not uh a mystery. It actually happens because of this. Comes into that 30-inut high, pulls back, makes a higher low, goes above this formation, and then comes back and retests. So, this area has proven itself as a breakaway and a retest zone for accumulation. And so, we're going to move the box up and we're going to clone it again. Now, you can clone it from the top, you can clone it from the bottom. Depends on which way the market's moving. Look at that. Right there at the top. does not happen by accident. Okay, trend is up, momentum is up. Now we want to see can we get into the region around yesterday's high, which literally was the high of the opening 30 minute formation. Take a look at where this line is. See the low of the 30-minute candle from yesterday? Just shy of it. These are important levels, folks. They are very important levels. What's momentum telling us? Well, it's slightly up. So, my dips are going to be buys, but it's not accelerating. This higher high is not giving me a higher momentum track. So, it could easily fade. But what is trend? Trend is up. trend is up. Momentum is up. Let's measure that momentum from all the way back here. We can see it's trending up. So, the dips are going to be buys. The 4hour chart, the 4:00 a.m. candlestick formation is going to be that region that the traders go, "All right, let's let's make sure that holds as frontline support." Many of us trade too much. We take too many trades because we look at something and we go, "Hey, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this." And we end up having days where we make money and then we give it back. And we make money and we give it back. And we exhaust ourselves. And we exhaust ourselves. Oh, that's sweet. Um, we exhaust ourselves at the end of the day. We've made like 50 bucks and we're like, "Oh my gosh, I made a 100 trades and yada yada yada." Activity is not equal to productivity. Activity is not equal to productivity. You have to remember that. You absolutely have to. So, something super interesting happened yesterday. Right around the midnight candlestick formations, a tremendous amount of overnight volume popped into this region before the sellers took over. Notice the following day, which was yesterday, this big pocket of selling and buying was the resistance zone in general. We had a wick up, but they couldn't hold it. Notice there's so many patterns to see in the market. But let me show you this. The top to bottom of this congestion, look at the where the 50% marker was the high for the prior day. So is it good to have level two data? If you can go into the level two data and see where these big uh actions come into play, you're you're really going to be doing yourself a great service. The next thing you can do is simply eyeball it. Realize, and I talk about this all the time when I'm on TopStep TV, realize that this sideways pressure that we're looking at, this consolidation is a place where inventory builds. And so, what is that? What do we want to what do we think about that? Remember, the only reason a market exists is to facilitate inventory. the price action of inventory. It's to facilitate trade. So what does that mean? I'm collecting contracts short so I can buy them back cheaper. I'm collecting contracts long so I can sell them back more expensive. Now the move dictates what I'm going to do very simply on these 30 minutes. You're not going to get fake outs. Trend is going to tell you it's down. The VWAP is going to tell you it's down. Momentum is going to tell you it's down. So, this box says, "Hey, you better sell the bounces." Here we have distribution. Everybody's been holding around here and now they're trying to break out and sell all of this inventory at higher prices. If they get up and over here, all of the guys and gals that said, "Hey, I am shorting this pocket right here because I won the game yesterday." Now they're saying, "Whoa, I might have to buy to cover. I might have to buy to cover." So, I need to watch out. Where's the stop going to be? It's going to be right around this the opening range of yesterday. Right around that box. So here's here's what happens when I try to explain this sort of very interesting strategic approach to the market. There's a sense of disbelief. You're like, "Yeah, I don't know." But here's the thing. Every day I come to the market and I go, "What do I see the traders doing? And here's what I know about the human condition. So, I don't know if many of you know this, but I owned a recruiting company for 14 years. And when you recruit all kinds of people, I I recruited a lot of scientists, recruited a lot of software engineers way back in the dotcom years where that it was the thing to do. Very good business, great time. That's how I got my money to trade in the first place. The reason I'm here today, and this is no joke, the reason I'm here today is because I started with a ton of cash. If I had not, I would have blown it all and, you know, had another business of some kind because I've been a a serial business owner my whole life. So, I would have gone into business doing something else. The fact is I had a tremendous cushion of cash and it allowed me to stay in the game. A lot of us don't have that opportunity. But when I was in the recruiting business, what I noticed was how people make decisions. And I began to really watch the human psychology event. And I'm going to tell you something, it sits in these charts. There are people that go, "I am frantic. I'm going to move around in here and I'm not going to make any money. I'm going to wash out. I'm going to jump in too fast. I'm going to jump in too slow. I'm not going to have a process. And I'm not going to be consistent." Welcome to the trader graveyard. Tombstone waiting with your name on it. Not lying to you. Once you get to the space where you go, "Wait a second. How does big money make money? Well, they have this concerted effort of saying, "Hey, let's fight here." And it's like, imagine two big behemoths, wherever they happen to be, and they get into a cage match. Let's say one of them is, let's say they're both big gorillas, okay? One of them is just going to be a little bit more on than the other and they're all running their algos and they all know what the others are going to do at this time or the other and it's going to be a big fat jockey, a game of go where somebody captures and then somebody recaptures. It is always a game with these big guys and they're tweaking their algorithms here and there, but they're always doing the same things generally. Why? Because it takes too much effort to change and they make great money. Guess where they take it? They take it from retail. They take it from the un uh the uninformed, the misinformed, the po the folks addicted to technical indicators that consistently lag. Thank you, Satcha. Some people just, you know, I talked about it the other day. It's somehow in our society it's cool to be mean. Me, you do you, buddy. I appreciate you taking up for me though, Satcha. Makes me put a little heart around your name. Um, but yeah, you know, if you think it's cool to be mean, have at it. But I'm guessing a lot of people that end up being mean all the time are kind of gloomy when they're by themselves. So, but let's move on. So, here here are a couple things. When you make mistakes, and I talk about this a lot, too. When you make mistakes, forgive yourself, but don't make the same mistakes over and over again. I mean, that's just silly. Stop making mistakes. Right. I sit around and I said, "Well, wait a second. That's the top of the box. That could be a nice short. Let's go back. Let's go to a fivem minute and see if we had been staring down the five minute if this would have given us a nice short. So, here we are. A little bit of a topping formation. The moving averages are really they're not tight the way they are in the ES. They're much wider. So that would have given me a little bit of pause, but I would have taken the short right here as a double topping formation. I probably would have taken it here and it would have put me under, but when it pulls back, it's got to lose this level or I'm wrong. A lot of us get into these trades and we go, I'm just holding it. I got to learn to hold longer. And I, you know what, I rant on this all the time. Hold times are not all they're cracked up to be. If you're trading a cycle that says I require short times. Now, why is that? If we look at this line and we stare our price action down and I say I'm going short, is that trend or counter trend? It's counter trend. And if I take a trade counter trend, I don't need to hang on. Cut quickly and reestablish a trade. So, instead of being down 250, I'm up 250 and getting ready for the next position, which I can't really tell what it is right now because my 30 minutes says I'm in a little bit of a wait state. Now, let's talk about the next thing that happens in the overnight. If you're an overnight trader and you took this trade long at the open, are you green? The answer is yes. If you bought at 24,75, you are doing very nicely even if you had to have a 200 point draw down. if you had it here. Now, some people are going to have that kind of draw down and they can handle it because their thought is, "Hey, I'm going to the top of the box and they're willing to hold on for that." Now, here it comes. At about 9:05 to 912, you're going to see an injection of volume. What is that injection going to be? They're going to rotate that inventory. Here's the thing. If the person that was long stayed in the trade, what are they going to want to do if they know rotation is coming just before the open? They want to take the profit. Inventory is long here in the overnight. It's long. They're sitting here in the green. They've worked all night long and now they're like, "Hey, I'm going outside to play, so I better start covering." Why 9:05 to 912? That's an injection event that happens on trading desks. Now, how do we know that? Uh because we observe every single day. We're watching for them to come in and we go, "Oh, here they are. Here they are." There's a little group that actually comes in right around this time. if there's no uh news, they'll pop in right around 8:45 Eastern. And that's what they're doing right now. We have had, let me call this out to you on my other platform. We had a,000 lot, nope, we had one, two, three, four, 500 longs come in at 6852. We had a 250 lot come in at 68.47. Another 250 lot come in at 68.49. Another 250 lot at 68.49. Another 250 lot at 68.44. All of these are long. Three 250 lots coming in at an average of 68.50. What are they trying to do? They're trying to defend that line. That's number one. Two, if they went short over here from yesterday, they are buying to cover to stay flat. So, what does that mean to you and me? They're going to go one way or the other, but you have to let them decide before you decide you're going to jump in or you're rolling dice. Not you're not even rolling dice because you're it's 5050. You're either going to be right or wrong. Thank you very much, Mills. I appreciate that. Thank you so much. I appreciate you. Yeah. Here's the thing about hanging around for 25 years. You get to figure out what these traders are doing. Let me give you one more secret for today. Here is yesterday's 9:30 candlestick open. If you don't have a line sitting at the low of that 9:30 candle and the high of that 9:30 candle, you're missing out because take a look at this. Look at the low of the opening range 30 minute candle and the high of the prior days 9:30 candle. Not an accident. They try to get back in that 30-minute candle. They lose the opening range. Guess where they're going to go to, friends? They're going to try and get to the bottom of the 9:30 candle. if they lose this 30 minute chart, this 30-minut price action event, they're going to try and get there. So, your thought would be, okay, I know they're going to try and get there. Is something telling me that buyers are going to hit them off at the pass? Two things. Inventory accumulation, very important. inventory accumul where's my 930 low? There it is. Inventory accumulation right here and a momentum indicator that is on the rise. So, if you come in and you look at this and you go, "Okay, that's fading. I've got momentum that's moving up. I'm going to look for a dip to buy. The bottom of that 930 candlestick is going to be my ideal buy zone. Maybe I want to look at the close of the 9:30 candle or just inside of it because I have such heavy congestion. And notice that's right where it's going to come. This happens all the time on inside days. All the time. That 9:30 candlestick is incredibly important. Now initial balance which we look at the 9:30 to 10:30 a lot of people talk about initial balance it is valid but it's much more valid in my mind using a Fibonacci and so rather than clutter up the space let's leave this alone and let's draw a Fibonacci that's yesterday's initial balance Okay. Notice if I Let's do this. Let's take everything away. And if I I'm going to also hide these for now. Oh, for heaven's sakes. So, let's say we're looking at this and we're staring this down and you draw this Fibonacci. Look at where the 1.5 is. Right next to the level of all the accumulation that we saw. Also very helpful. Look at the pullback. Right to the 50% range. Right to that 50% range. Now I like using that 30 minute candlestick formation because it helps me set stop action. It gives me stop action. It's very nice. And I can say, okay, I'm going to look for the high low and how it is it's moving. A lot of different patterns you can find in every chart. You might go, Emory, show me that on the ES. Absolutely. Here's our 9:30 candle. There's the top of the 9:30 candle. Here's the bottom. This 6850 is going to be so sticky. So sticky. I have no idea which way it's going to go. All right. So here's this event. Here's what happens. It loses the 30 minute formation. It drops into the 9:30 candlestick. What does momentum look like? Right. Here's the here's the trade. Moving averages up. We might have it. I have no idea this line is not visible when it first starts fading. But what I can see is that I've got upside momentum here. So, I know the dip is going to be a buy. What do I want to look for? I want to look for the bottom of this candle or the close of it. It doesn't come anywhere near that. So, what does that tell me? Let's say you put an order in down here and you go to bed. Put your stop in there. You're like, "Yeah, I know. I got high or lows. I'm going to see. I'm going to risk 200 bucks and if it works I'm going to make $2,000. And so that outside risk is worth it. What it does, it comes inside of the range and that is the close of that candle. Excuse me. The open of that candle comes right into that edge. So, you want to have your eyes on this 9:30 candlestick in terms of it's high, it's low, it's open, it's close. It's going to tell you something. You draw that Fibonacci on uh the 9:30 move to 10:30 and you look for the updraft. looks to looks to be like we'll get to 6870 today. If at all possible, we'll get to 6870. This formation looks a lot more bullish than the ENQ formation for sure. You might say, "Come on, coach. We've got so much to look at." Yes, but if you just pick one and you make sure it's a range event, my first 30 minutes, my midnight, my 4:00 a.m., you know, volume's piling in there. So, watch how they behave. And you can trade with any one of these. You don't need to trade with all of them. You could trade just using the 30 minute opening range. Watch. Let's say you don't use the midnight one. We take it off, right? Let's Let's just Let's see. I don't want to use that. The 4 a.m. is great. Let's say you don't want to use that. Say, "Yeah, I just don't want to trade that one. I'm just going to go with my 30 minute opening range." Absolutely simple to do. What do you do? You draw a Fibonacci from bottom to top. stretch it out over the time. And then you draw the Fibonacci from top to bottom. And now you got all your levels. Look at them. Topping formations. Trend is your friend. It's sitting right in between these two things. We know that this is the beast that had all the accumulation from the other night. Very important zone, my friends. Very, very important. Traders literally utter a do or die here. The sellers have got to force price action down or we are headed back to the top of that 30 minute open or the high of yesterday. But notice how the 30 minute builds out your trade exactly. You just stair step it down. Here's the two. There's two and a half. If you go, hey, I want to wait for structure to build and go long. Once you've drawn your Fibonacci, all you got to do is walk it up. The no go, the go no-go line still 6796. You get above here, look at that. They are arguing and arguing and arguing. But guess what? The buyers are winning. Why? Because they're still holding higher lows. And then you walk it right back up. Right back up anywhere you want. You can use the 30-minute opening candlestick formation. You can use the midnight candlestick formation. You can use the 4 a.m. candlestick formation. Why do they all give us mechanical flow and tell us where price action's going to within a few points? Because the market is fractal. And the meaning of the word fractal is that it possesses copies of itself within itself. Humans are basically fractal too, right? Every single cell of our body has a copy of itself sitting inside itself. How incredible is that? And because we create market structures and we force order onto the market, that's why our indicators and measured moves work. The only reason the market is tradable is because we force order on it. And when it gets erratic, emotion takes over. And that's got its own order. We can see it in capitulation or exhaustion. Yes. Big money. Big money. Yeah, big money. All right, so let's start looking. We've been chopping in this range. One of my favorites. Let's see if we go to the 500 tick and we can watch price action starts to move around significantly. Now, you can see some of us like to trade in these kinds of pockets. I do on occasion, but it's only if I'm looking for a specific target or I'm showing somebody how you can trade a range. I just I don't I don't dig this. Not I mean, I just don't I don't dig it at all. So, this sideways motion, it's one, you know, it's just a few points wide and I know something's going to give and it's going to give in a pretty spectacular way. So the traders remember they're all long in the overnight. So if they want a continuation long, they need to break out over here at which point we'll go to, you know, 6865 6870. We've drawn all the levels thankfully on the big time frames so we can see them on the little ones. Super important. Momentum not giving us any indication. All flat second generally the closer to 25,100 the better for shorts the price action there since last Friday very telling passive sellers lack of buyer conviction evidenced by the first attempt to 98 no sweep I I like this um I like this analysis I think it's It's fair. You know, 86 is sort of that number in the NQ, the numbers that end with 86. They just like dancing around that zone, you know? It's sort of like how the ES people love 72 and 42. They're just into those numbers. Um, sometimes they like 16, too. they're like 61, you know, 10, 12, those kinds of regions. So, it's everybody has their own little whatever that they go with. So, yeah, I think um this sideways pressure is just giving us a weight state. Now, a lot of us have this destructive idea where we say to ourselves, "I know where this is going. I'm just going to go ahead and get in." Now, listen, if you're whisbang awesome, and you're never wrong doing that, have at it. But most of us, most of us pretty much stink at that, right? We just do. If you're if you're honest and you look at yourself and you go, "Well, if I could take some of those traits away, I'd be pretty happy." Right? So, the goal is slow down. And once you learn to slow down, when you get a good trade, you can size up. You know, a lot of these guys we see on the leaderboards, one, they have a ton of cash they're floating around with, but they're not afraid to size up and go max DLL. The ones that stay consistent and sling big size are very few and far between. Very few and far between. And so what we have to realize is we can't use their levels as our measuring sticks because the balances in our accounts are different. We can't do that. And we also can't be in such a big rush to make money that we lose sight of the most important thing, which is how do I not lose money? See, that's the most important thing. Hi, Aaron. Oh, Aaron can't hear me. So, I will put uh I will put this up. I don't see All right. We just had an injection of Here they are. Look at the time. 9:08. So, here's our first injection. Short side injection rotation down. Let's see what happens at 912. So, not a big injection. Trader still holding the edge. Let's see where the VWAP is. VWAP is way down here. My indicators. Well, that's weird. Um, hide all drawings. I don't want to do that. I want to use that. Well, I can't see my volume indicator for some reason. So, here they are trying to It's 9:12 now. Um, could we say on the five minute chart, you know, dips or buys, right? Why? Because my momentum is above zero, above 50, and my moving average is up. That tells me my box, the low edge of my box is a buy zone. Now the question is, does it stay a buy zone? And since we have an injection coming in another 2 minutes, it's not a good place to take a trade. You know what, creative, I think you've presented some fairly good insights about yourself. And really all of us, it's we all need we all need to really focus on not losing, right? It's sort of like comes our next injection. And you can see the speed of these candles shift in terms of how quickly they move up or down. That's how you can tell there's an injection of liquidity either moving up or down. And so these areas anywhere around this 9004 to 914 area, you're going to see them start coming in and making a move. You know what? I don't either to be honest. Turbo, I don't touch trades right around here. There's too much whiplash. Listen, if you guys go to the custom topstep chat GPT that Robert made for us on our um let me see if I can find it for you guys. You can plug your trades in there and it will tell you, hey, don't trade near the open. Don't trade between X, Y, and Z. Don't don't do it. Let me get it for you. I give it to folks most every time I'm here, but I sometimes forget. So, let me get it. It's in chat GBT. And hang on. ChatgPT mentor. Copy. There we go. Plug it in. Just download all your trades and let it tell you what you're doing wrong. It'll say, "Hey, you don't wait enough between trades." It'll say you're just chasing price. It'll say you got to build consistency. And you know, here's the thing. You could tell chat GPT um you can tell chat GPT how to talk to you. Hey, don't don't you know don't don't butter me up. Just give it to me straight. And if you tell it that a few times, it'll get it. If you put it in personal preferences, it'll get it. It'll tell you what to do, what not to do. but it will and it'll say, "Let's talk about uh a loss limit that you want to sit inside of. Let's talk about when you want to look for these trades." It's fabulous. It's absolutely fabulous. If you don't use that tool that Coach Robert made, you're missing out. You are. And it's free. It's free. A lot of people charge for their chat GPT trading coach. It's It's really really good. It's really good. And the better you are at asking chat what to do, the better you'll be. Now notice, remember what we said. If you were to take this trade here, we are at the bottom of the box. So the question is, I'm at the bottom of the box. Do I take a long or a short? How do you decide that? Uh what's my trend? What did I do in the past? In the recent past, I went long. What's my trend? It's up. So, what do I want to do here? I want to buy it. Now, this is a little different because we are sitting at an injection mode event, but the song remains the same. If you're scalping on a five minute, this is the way to go, right? It's in a box. You trade from the bottom of the box to the top of the box. You don't have to be fancy to make hundreds of thousands of dollars in the market. You just have to be consistent and you don't want to take three steps forward and two steps back every single day. You have to stop and go, I got to make some changes. And I think this works, but if I plug in my stats, I'm pretty much spinning my wheels. Well, what got you here won't get you there. So, make some changes. Simple as that. Simple as that, right? You know, a lot of people and here in in our family, many many of you know we got a lot of kids in our family. Um, my husband is a very he's a He-Man, right? Sometimes he makes me crazy, but he's your typical He-Man, except for when something really bad happens to any of the kids. And he is the most compassionate, caring, thoughtful. I'm going to listen to you while you lament and help you to get over this hump. I'll do anything you can. He's fantastic. He is very compassionate when it counts. Me, I'm not the one that they come to when terrible things happen and they need talking through it because my philosophy is buckle up, buttercup. Move on. Step up, over, move around, under, whatever it is. That's the past. Don't wallow in your whatever. straighten up. And that's how I've made it through the trading space. I am a very steelyminded individual and that leads to a general lack of compassion at sometimes. And it's true, but it's what keeps me green in the business. And you have to develop that kind of all right, I just got kicked in the teeth. I'm getting up. That's all you got? You know what? The the Captain America, right? Is that all you got? Steve Rogers in the corner. That's I feel like that's the best way to be. Okay. So, yes, that's great. D, I'm so sorry that some of us can't hear me, but I think most of us can. All right. So, that's it. You're seeing the in injection of liquidity. The first pass was down. The second pass of liquidity was up. Now we're going to watch for the range break coming into the open. What do I like to do? I like to sit back and watch. All of my analysis tells me you do not trade well if you get a trade between 9:30 and 10 unless it is a deep daily support or a spike into volume exhaustion. Those are the only two times. And right now we're in the middle of the range. So that's sideways for me. All right, that's going to be it. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to render this video for us and I'm going to put it in the coach and Marie room and you'll be able to look at it there. All right, take care everybody. Remember, your goal is to try to make money without losing money. Oh my goodness. Thank you so much, Godwit Jet. That makes me so happy. I'll put this up. Um, you know, my goal is never to deliver fluff. I just one, I can't stand to hear it myself. It's like word salad is the worst cuz it doesn't even taste good. So, that's it. And um, you know what? We'll see each other tomorrow afternoon. I've got a session. I'll record it and stick it in the coach room. I'll start doing that for everybody. Okay. Take care. Good luck. Be safe. Watch your risk. It's going to be messy. We're going to have a newsy day. All right, take care.
