VIDEO 058: https://youtu.be/qq8kqx43408

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, March the 3rd, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. Let's first start with the numbers for the E- mini S&amp;P. We have the call wall moved down to 6950. The put wall has moved down. It is now 6600. Value area high 6917. Value area low 6855. We just had a 600 lot short flash through sell order. Very interesting waiting there. Um, a little bizarre. I think that's a support floor, but I don't know. Could be something later. Might have been might have been longsided very quickly. This is right. Well, I mean the uh Europe has opened just a little bit ago. This 4:00 a.m. candlestick usually pretty important. But let's get into the ranges. What we are seeing is continued downward flow. Lot of people buying into the close yesterday. I did not get it. But as you can see, 30 minute formation collapsed after about maybe an hour and a half. We had the failed retest opening a short at 6871 using our framework of a dip below and then the failure to recapture the first 30-inut formation. This is yesterday's whoopsie. This is yesterday's 30-inut formation at 6841. We did see some unusual price action events happening right at that line. in the midnight hour. Um, a lot of volume coming in. Of course, that's Asia and the selling has just been fairly relentless. The bounces 6,800 to 68.40 would be what we consider, but the selling is very fierce. Notice, you see how the stochastic RSI is pegged on the bottom here. When it does that, this is very trending. So, you really do not want to put longs in that kind of place. You really don't. RSI dribbles downward. It's sitting fairly low, but it could get a lot lower to be fair. And so, we can see trend and momentum taking us to the edges. Um, let's see if we took the range. Notice this is value area high low. If we took that box which I have here and replicated it downward, we can see that we've got price action that gives us 6750 and then 6736. The Fibonacci gives us as that next ledge. And so we we want to watch this. We want to watch this pretty significantly. Nothing telling us to buy. All the bounces are sell zones, right? We have downward trend. We have steep momentum. All the bounces are sells into lower edges. All right, let's take a look at the NQ. What are we staring down first? The big numbers. The put the call wall, excuse me. 25,200 the football 24,000 that's also moved down value area high 25,100 value area low 24,87. Now what are we doing if we want to take the value area high low in the recent number of days and say okay that's the zone I'm going to watch. You can see we're right at the bottom of this one. So traders could easily fight to recapture the long end at this 24,477. You want to be careful. It needs to give us structure. And that structure looks like I got to stop making lower lows. I have to break a near-term high. And then I have to pull back and make a higher low. And that's what we're staring down. I I see a lot of negative pressure. So I certainly would not catch a falling knife, but that is what they might do if they are trying this edge. Let's take a look at how tight that 30 minute opening candlestick formation is. very tight, but it collapses and collapses at the 30-inut candles from the low of the 30-minute candle 2 days ago is inside the big range and last night's candlestick actually is inside of that 30-inut candlestick. So, what am I looking for? I really want to see if the traders can get above 24,600. That is the opening range candlestick from yesterday. This zone really at 3:30. It's about the same time as yesterday. Right here we are 4:00 or thereabouts. We're closing closing in on 5 and this is 3:30. So, they're within an hour and a half of each other. We'll see if they try to bounce off of the zone. I would not be surprised if they do. You want to catch a falling knife there, you can. Just be very careful and, you know, give yourself 10 points of risk. Any more than that, you really want to get out because it could flush fairly dramatically. Okay, let's look at Bitcoin. big numbers. First, take a look at Bitcoin. The call wall for Bitcoin, micro Bitcoin is 73,000. The put wall is 69,000. And of course, these guys are I got to tell you, I don't even know how these guys do this. They're they're sitting on the wrong side with the put wall. We are well inside of that range. Value area high low. High high is 68,500. Value area low 65,600. If you want to take that zone, some people do the entire value area. You can see how messy the price action is. When you take these big value areas, the number one thing to do is watch for the 50% range. That's very important. So, how would you do that? Maybe you draw um maybe you draw a um trend line event that gives you that halfway point. But that's very important if you're using the value area high low and you're looking for big plays and big ranges. This thing is very rangebound, right? As I mentioned, I got out of this short two weeks ago, it feels like. And I said, "Hey, this thing's going to chop around between 65 and 70,000 for a while." And that's exactly what it's doing. Now, could it hold this region at 66,640? It could. The 30 minute opening range gives us pretty close to that this zone. So if you're into it, you could give it a go. You could you could give it a go. Um yeah. So let's see what else. Um point of control 66,165. markets are really running a lot. They're running in tandem with Bitcoin right now. I find that to be very interesting. But, you know, it is what it is. We see price action doing what it does. We just follow along. Right now, this is in a great big mosh pit, but if you're using value area low and value area high, particularly because we've got so many days associated with that, you could have yourself a pretty nice uh setup. Whoops. Setup for the trade. All right, let's take a look at oil. So, oil has breached and oil is running inverse to the market. Now, many years ago, this is what we would see. We would see if oil moved up the markets would move down because there was a very strong relationship because of the inputs of energy. That relationship has broken down over the years. But now it seems to be heading right there. So oil up, markets down, and we do know this is geopolitical. Now let's uh remove all of these rectangles. And let's take a look. See this biodal distribution. It's here lots of volume and here it's building volume a new area that simply disregards this center spot. So that seems pretty interesting to me. And if we clone the actual value area, let's see how this one works. Clone it up. once and then clone it up twice. Okay. So, what does that give us? You know, our halfway. What do we have here? Yeah, that is a strong gamma line, but it's not one we want to look for. Let's go with the numbers. The call wall 7750. No, that's the max. That's the max move that they're expecting today. 7750. The call wall is way down here at 70. The put wall is at 60. And so this is well outside the range. Uh that's broken down. It just had an alert go off. So what we're staring down now, of course, is whether this holds. Now, it is my suspicion that the better formations to follow come with the 30 minute high lows, excuse me, for the opening range. The 30 minutes are really important. So, I would expect selling to start here, which is the topping formation. Do I think selling is going to hold there? I do not know. But what I can see what I can see is that it's beginning. And so let's clone this and move it down. And then let's clone it again and move it up. Now, some folks are calling for $140 for oil if the straight of form gets closed. You know, I think the way the straight got closed is it feels a little bit like desperation on the part of the Iranians. What they could have done is simply created a couple of skirmishes and said, "Oh my goodness sakes, hang on folks. I just in these in the dome. I've got a 600 lot sitting at 6760, a 500 lot sitting at 6761, an 800 lot at 6762, a 400 lot at 6763, and we just had an 800 lot go off at 6765. Holy cow. That I have never seen that in the middle of the night. Um well, it's not the middle of the night, is it? It just feels like it. So, uh cuz I haven't been asleep. That being said, a lot of price action early in the day, people trying to put a line in the sand. And uh looks like we're going to move downward. in this rotation. But this is a sort of place where you might see price action reverse pretty sharply if it does bottom. And that that's excuse feel like I swallowed a net. [laughter] So, the big fat round number of 6750 probably where we're headed. Probably where we're headed. All right, let's take a look at let's go back here and take a look at the upside pressure events. Value area low 6790. That's a downside event to 6356. And then the new area here is at 7530. and then 7101. Those are pretty important areas. See if they come in. I really do not I I don't have any idea what these guys are going to do. I really do not. It's uh it feels pretty bullish, but it's also the top of the formation, so they could game with us. I think we're still in G2 because we're still in roll. Okay. So, big bounce off of 5250 in gold. So, let's get the big numbers in the call wall and the max area 5400. The put wall, wow, 4700. Value area high 5367. value area low 5178 big support zone 5250 we just bounced off of that at the 4 a.m. And what is trend however right we've got negative trend so what do we expect well here's the thought the value area from excuse me the opening 30 minute formation for gold for yesterday should provide the first region of frontline support that's 50 After that, we get to walk through this morning's 30 minute high low. And that looks like 5330 to 5360. The trend fields still very bearish. My thought is that bounces should be sell zones in the near term here. Deep dips of course are going to be buys, but the rotation appears to be some sort of I don't know, maybe it's a flag. It could run all the way up there into the 30 minute opening range high. In the meantime, the market continues to fade um with some bigger lots on the bottom trying to hold price. Now we see another 400 lot at 6758. So they are really taking advantage of price action moving. Let's go to SPY. Remarket spy is way down here at uh 679 and the low of the prior day is 677. I would not be surprised to see 676. The put wall 675, the call wall 695. So it's moved in just a little bit. The value area event keeps us pretty bogged down. So pay attention to that. If it breaks out of that range, watch for it to extend into the resistance area at 689. If value area low comes into play, that's all the way up at 680. So definitely want to watch out for that dip action really fairly strong. The the traders are uh selling every bounce at this juncture. All right, I know a little long-winded today. Just wanted to get some stuff out there and I'll see you all on the streams. Be careful. Watch your size.
