VIDEO 060: https://youtu.be/OJyVScpz7pA

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Friday, February the 27th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Manthther Q. My name is Anie Band and we begin the day looking at the E- Mini S&amp;P. I did draw a box around the first 30 minute candlestick because it's range is fairly wide. I don't need an hour. And as a matter of fact, for 1 2 3 4 five 6 hours, it stayed in this 30 minute range. So what are we staring down? Essentially inventory is flat. I think traders are really waiting to see what comes out of Iran. Certainly they are not going to back down. We've delivered them some kind of ultimatum. I'm pretty sure some things are going to fly but um and by fly I mean things with weaponry. Uh so we're sitting in a space where we have a little bit of uncertainty but hopeful that things can be resolved quickly. So, what are the broad markets doing? We are inside of yesterday's range. Yesterday, I said, listen, it's bullish. We had an arrow pointing up this way. And I said, here is our go no-go line. And we used it as the low of the pre-market. And indeed, the sellers really took off right at the beginning, but it still was a dip buying formation. Notice the problem. If I measure the wave from peak to trough, we can see we kissed that 50% range from high to low in terms of the give back. And so the wave that we're looking to resolve between is the area either above 6926 where the buyers really try to step it up or below 6870 where the sellers take over. In the midst of that, we've got some noise. What is trend? Well, if we're looking at just the moving averages in the overnight, they're relatively flat. If we compare it to the low of yesterday, we can see that buyers are trying to come in, but there's a lot of supply above us. And if we look above, we've got lower highs, not in a trend, but in a jagged sideways formation. You can see that in terms of the momentum, the RSI is sideways. The stochastic RSI is up from above, down from below. That tells us the same thing. Steep dips going to be buys. Big spikes going to be sells. Your job is to wait around and allow the market to deliver what we're looking for. A lot of times when I'm on Topstep TV or I'm talking inside of um the group coaching events, inside of the Topstep Discord, any place like that, you'll hear me talk about structure. Structure is a space where inventory begins to be collected. Higher highs get made, higher lows get made. Other than that price action will not hold in the direction of trend. We have to wait for structure. So what's happening right now? We opened up Europe and have sold off through the opening of Europe. I expect the first test to be at around this 6880. We've had a lot of price action try to hold that zone of support. Let's see if it does it today. Could you say, "Hey, I want to buy here." You could. The RSI is not in steep uh negative trending formation. The VWAP is flat. You could do it. You'd want to have your stop pretty tight or have a position so small that it allows you 10 points or more of risk to come back into the edge. But my thought is if you're thinking about putting 10 points of risk on, why not just wait until it gets down there or divide it in half and see if you can get it somewhere midstream rather than taking all 10 points. That being said, the past two times they've come into 6880, it's been a buy zone. Okay. So, what's the flavor of the day? Who knows? All I know is if I lose 6880, it's very likely that I step into 6870. If I lose 6870, it's very likely that I get into 6850. Those are the lines that I am staring down today. And I am going to look for the edges. participating in the middle here is not pretty, particularly because it's building some sort of megaphone, right? That's what we need to watch out for. Let's take a look at the NQ. Let's measure that wave. Let's see how that wave measures if we did the same. It doesn't look like we did the same. Looks like we missed it. We did. 50% is all the way up here at 25,178. Could we get to 25,000 again? Yes. Um Dakota put on a trade last night that uh he was going to hold out for that 25,000. It was a trade of beauty. Held right into the edge of congestion. really beautiful trade. So, I'm guessing that he's stopped out at that, but he had pretty big size there. He was slinging pretty big size. So, that was a very nice trade. What are we staring down today? Same sort of thing. We've got lower highs and higher lows. Momentum sideways or moving in both directions. opening range formation still caught in it still in the afternoon pattern of yesterday. So inside pressure the go nogo line for the buyers pre-market low same thought 24,955 is that line in the sand could they try to buy break it and then buy it absolutely absolutely I would say because this is so jagged let it break and then recover and see if you can take it back into the initial area. If we fade, we've got two boxes to the downside taking us into 24,785. Breaking to the upside, we've got that 50% range at 25,178 and 25,266. So that's what we're staring down in the NQ. Let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. Everybody's making Jane Street the bad the big bad wolf. Um I don't know if you've read the stories there, but here's the thing. Everybody's playing the same game. It's just easy to poke a finger at Jane Street. There are guys on a ton of other hedge funds that are like, "Whoa, I'm really glad they're not looking at us." So, trust me, they're all doing it. It's awful. Um, the love of money is the root of all evil. It's not not money, but the love of it. Okay. So, as we sit here, if we look at Micro Bitcoin, 30 minute opening range, we stayed in there literally all day until 9:30. Today, the range is much tighter and we are essentially inside of yesterday's box. Our opening ticker, our opening tick is almost at the base of the prior days opening range. And so I just left that line in the sand forced watch. And as you can see, we are in that same channel event. Where's the go no-go line? Buyers have got to defend 66,675. If they lose it and recover, we've got to move back up to the top of the box. If they lose it and they look below and then go, the failure to stay in the box is going to give us the downside pressure event into 65,660 and then 64,800 and 64,200. We've got upside pressure here um from a trend perspective, but we're still making lower highs. So, it's very messy. Momentum is slightly bearish, but it's still in a dip buying formation because we are making higher lows. And so, this sideways event here, you can see buyers trying to get involved there. Buying the dip may be a little rough. Maybe you could try it at 66,250. Or you simply wait until it comes back into the range and begins to build structure like we see yesterday between the 12 and 1:30 candles Eastern time. Top of the range still 70,000. Traders still not able to stay above that line. All right, let's look at oil. Oil is definitely sitting in a geopolitical risk formation. Let's go to the 4our. Take a look at this. We have a big wave from trough to peak here. And then the most recent wave I am measuring is this one from peak at 6730ish to trough at 6360ish. Are we above the 50% range? Yes. What does that essentially tell us? That we're likely to head back to the top of the box. This is a flag pattern. We've broken out of the flag. If we go to the 30inut chart, we can clearly see we're in a dip buying formation, but we are extended. And the last time we did that, we began to build structure that gave us a topping formation. Is this something to watch? Yes, absolutely. Could it be a fade here? Yes, absolutely. But what does the fade tell us that we need to look for? The fade tells us, hey, we need to look for a floor of support where the traders can buy again. So if we had used that playbook yesterday, we can see that it broke through the floor, which was that $65.30 area I was talking about. It broke it hard in the pre-market. accelerated straight up through it and then came over and now is sitting in this big box. What is my supposition? That this area that began with this 30 minute candlestick right here at 2:30, I think that's about the close is the candlestick that everybody is measuring by at this juncture. That's the top of the range. People are going to try and sell it. If it moves up again, it'll move up into this gamma line just above all of this supply 6760. Okay. Then if it moves down, we've got lots of demand sitting at 6415. the go no-go line. If you say, "Hey, listen. I want to go long at 6530, you've got about 40 cents of risk. So, I would wait for it to break down, build some structure here, and then give you to run to the upside." Breakaway is fairly likely with this kind of momentum. So any kind of minor dips particularly into 6620 or so gives us a buy zone. That's our first buy zone event. Deeper structures going to give us more opportunity for upside. But when we get into the middle of the range, there's always a little give and take in terms of profit formations. To me, this looks like a breakout pattern. Very quickly, we're going to look at silver. The silver formations are still very rangebound. 92 is the top of the formation. 8550 bottom of the formation. Trend is up. Momentum is mixed. So, what do we have here? We got a box literally of sideways pressure, but our 30 minute candlestick really has held the pressure event. So, let's see if we clone it up. That's now support breaking above resistance. It's always tough when the edges are that small, but it's a measured move. You could see it coming right into the space of the measure, potentially coming into 92. However, momentum is starting to drift. So, we could have an exhaustion to the upside and then a fade. A lot of weird things going on in the metals, particularly in silver right now. The nogo line, the go no-go line for buyers, I suspect, is 89 60. If we stay above that line, pullbacks into that line, pushing to the upside, the break of that line will take us down into the man structures that sit around $88. Let's take a look at gold. We're in rollover. Take a peek. Let's look at a 4our chart first. So, our 4hour chart shows still not a solid trend, but for the last 1 2 3, this is the fourth day. We really are sitting inside of a range. This is the third day of the range that was established on February 24th, which was Wednesday. And everything with the exception of a couple of wicks, is sitting inside of the candlestick created at 6:00 on February the 23rd. So, this is sideways noise for sure. In the tighter framework, we can also see that. Look at how tight value area high low is. Look at this compression. It's very tight, but you can see that the contract is rolling. And so, we've got ourselves a little bit of a messy formation. dips still clearly buys moving averages sideways momentum down for the stochastic RSI flat for the RSI dips or buys in this space. The go no-go line, I suspect it's 5175,5175. And then the breakaway is 5218. Take a look at this. If you're thinking to yourself, well, gosh, can't I trade something right now? You can look at this box here and I'll um I'll change the color to be a little bit brighter so that you can see that that box right there could give you a very interesting buy sell zone. You can clearly see it's tweezer tops up here. and they are testing the bottom of that 5182 and then moving up into the boxes. They're getting ready for some kind of move. But this is the heaviest congestion that we see right there. Is that this one? Whichever. Okay, let's go finally to spy. We have a breakthrough event of 690. Um, we don't have the early morning candlestick formations, but we know they're probably a little bit sideways. Above us 694, below us 684. Got a 10point spread in the charts. That's super messy. My thought would be, wow, this feels like a no-fly zone to me. Except on the edges. Except on the edges. We've got a very wide value area high low. The value area high low is almost 20 points wide. And so we want to be careful about that in spy. Notice the heavy congestion from Friday, Wednesday, Monday. We're actually sitting in the same area that we were sitting in on Monday. So, and Thursday of last week. So, we are very rangebound, incredibly rangebound. Big spikes likely to sell. uh big fades likely to buy. Watch the edges and then take the trade, watching your risk. Take it small into there and you can add as it moves up if you're trading a swing formation. All right, folks. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams.
