VIDEO 061: https://youtu.be/XcrUzVXvzjQ

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, February the 25th. My name is Amarie Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Manthther Q. We begin looking at the E- Mini S&amp;P after the State of Union address last night. I don't know what we could say about that. We could say all kinds of things. Uh some people mad, some people sad. Isn't that the way it always goes? So, what I do notice is this liquidation wick that if somebody was going long and they said, "Hey, you know, I'll let support be congestion or the big fat round number, they were stopped out and markets turned around and moved to the north. We have a very tight 30 minute opening range probably because of the State of the Union address on the horizon. If I were a betting man, I would say that anyway." And now because of that I'm simply going to look at the 1h hour range. Looks like we're breaking through that in terms of a measured move. Indeed it came through the first time almost to the tick on that first measure and now we are accelerating up into the edges of the formation. We have this big breakaway line at 6931. Uh, wow. The call wall has moved down 50 points. Interesting. Put wall still at 6,800. We'll leave a line right there. What do I anticipate? Potentially a topping formation like this. We are at value area high 6923. We have moved in a wick action to the north and then reversed. I anticipate that traders are going to try to catch the top of the formation and go short. Here's the fly in the ointment. The last time we had this kind of motion and indeed here on this wick, our momentum was a fair bit weaker. So, we want to exhaust this momentum event over here so that if it is a fade, it moves down. Looks to me like dips could easily be bought in this particular structure. Momentum is staying pretty high. And that sends us back into 6940, 6950, and 6967. So, a lot of people calling 47000. Again, I'm not in that camp, but I'm just going to stare down the charts. Where's the go no-go line today? Right at that 6,900. Watch for the wiggles. Could have about 10 points of risk sitting there at that 6900 event. So, be cautious. And trend is up, right? And if trend is up, then dips or buys. No matter what momentum is telling us, dips or buys. But watch the line in the sand to hold. And that's going to give us some better running. I suspect location is very bullish in a momentum space. So those dips are buys. If you're trying to chase this out, 6915, 6916, that's a pretty nice area for a breakout formation. If it comes back and holds, it could be 30 points. If not, it's back in the measured move event that takes us to 6907 or so. My boxes are on the 1 hour time frame simply because the 30-minut time frame is too compressed. We can tell that they were waiting there. So, we leave them to wait. Same thing in the NQ. As we move along, what do we have? bullish of course trend is bullish. Same sort of liquidation wick that came into the line that I think is the go no-go line which is 25,000 or so. It could be 25,020, but there it is. About 20 points of risk sitting on that edge anchored VWAP from yesterday. 24,950 value area high 25,90 value area low 24,85 dips or buys. But if we lose the go no-go line at 25,000, we've got this rotation that could easily take us back to the bottom of the range. Notice it took us 2 days. Well, one and a half days to get to the bottom and 1 and 1/2 days to get to the top. So, the speed of motion seems very controlled. This this does make me think that expansion to the upside will likely compress, but I have no idea how many sellers are waiting up here. Everybody is seeing the exact same thing as me, right? It's not that, you know, we all think, hey, somebody's going to see something different. No, we all see the same things. It's how we interpret those things and then how we respond when everything unfolds. You can see the traders trying to sell the top edge of the range. Pullbacks or buys in this structure. So, you want to look for buy zones further down. If you get some of us get very uh impatient and we'll say to ourselves, "Okay, well then I'm going to trade short down into this edge." Just go with the strength. Don't change sides all over the place. Or at least that's just me. If you're a scalp trader and you can do it, just do it. I mean, you can do it if do it. If you can't, don't. Point of control in the ENQ. Something of uh a line to look at and that's 25,000 and 20. Let's take a look at our liquidity measure, Bitcoin. What are we seeing? It's trying to lift off of the floor. It took three days to get down there. It might take 3 days to get back up here. I don't know. Here's what I do see. I see trend being bullish here. I'm going to remove this uh segment. I'll put another one here. Trend is bullish in this formation. We can still see lower highs, but we've broken through this range. So now we are between 67,000 and say 64,000. That's my suspicion is that that is the go no-go line. Dips or buys put wall sitting at 64,700. Now we've got trend here. And so what we do anticipate if momentum stays up in positive territory, this pullback is going to give us pressure to the north, that's going to be risk on until it falls into exit liquidity, which I believe is still occurring. A lot of big money managers moved out of um a lot of the Bitcoin ETFs. So, this is pretty interesting in terms of seeing what else is going on in here. We could say stalled right up at the 68,000 area. Okay, watch yourself below 64,000 to take a long. It might be better to wait to 62,600 to try that long. Again, it's messy. However, dips or buys and we're coming into a potential buy zone. If you say, "Hey, I want to take this here at 65,500." You know, your stop is going to be about 65,000. So, you've got about 500 points and you can see where it goes. Target 66 and then to 67. Let's take a look at oil. Oil futures are fading. This is the third, no second lower high. Third if you want to count this one being the high. Uh but they are trying to hold a floor. So what's happening here? Well, a couple of things. Um we have the forward contracts in backwardation, meaning they're cheaper in the future. We have a very compressed value area, high low area. the that region is 6655 value area high value area low is and this structure um this structure suggests to me they're trying to build a bottom now what's the story board momentum slightly negative but they are holding the floor at 6550 6540. So what's the storyboard? Could they shake out the weak hands at 6537 and then recapture it? That seems viable. So if you're thinking about taking a long in here, 6537 needs to hold as the floor. Now if it fades and then recovers, you're still in good shape. Here is a Fibonacci that is measuring the high to the low of the current formation. We might say it's this low and this high. 50% of that range is $6642. Price action. It could break down. A lot of people are thinking this is bearish. I I think it's going to hold this ledge. I think it's going to hold this. If it doesn't, then I'm wrong. We move back into the anchored VWAP event way down here at 64. So, because the forward contracts are in backwardation, the grind is to the south, but there are a lot of people trying to lift it up. And while this Iran stuff says uh fluid, we have decisions to make about what's going on with the chart. I um I think there's way more energy constraints than people are willing to talk about and so I think it's a bullish press. So dips or buys, that's what my suspicion is. Let's go to gold. All right, take a look at gold. This one just triggered again. Let's remove the alert. Uh oh, I got to remove the ray. Okay, so we are we're in a bullish space. No doubt about it. Right, we can see all kinds of pressure moving us up from this range. What am I going to do? I am going to see the rate of change remains the same because the slope is the same. What's the breakout area? 5215, something like that. Next line in the sand would be 5240. I think that is where the call wall is sitting. Value area high is 5250. So the target event here should gold move to the north is 52695270. Notice we're still inside of the range of yesterday. That inventory event from yesterday. So if we clone this and move down, it gives us all the candle bodies. If we clone it again, it collects the wicks, but not all the way there. So, that measure isn't great. It isn't perfect. But for the bodies, sure works. So, let's move this to here for the breakout to the north takes us right into that 5250 area. It's very choppy, so be careful. dips are buys, but momentum is starting to drift. And when momentum starts to drift, we have these mean reversions to much bigger time frames and moving averages. So, that's what we're staring down right there. Lastly, let's take a look at SPY. I still haven't sorted why it's not giving me the day values, but look at where we are. Right up here at 690. This is where price action is currently printing. That's the top of the range. Could it break to the north? Yes. If it goes, where is it going to head to? First place, heavy congestion right at 692. We know this number. We seen it a ton of times. 692. If we don't break the range, we're going to come right back into the big sideways box of motion. And that really is where most of this price action is occurring in this pretty big box that's sideways, per se. We have a little bit of a trend line there, but the break could be pretty solid, right? It's got a few points to that north for sure. as it sits resistance up at 689 and that's really where we are right now. I expect sellers to show up in the short run but I'm not sure how long they'll stay there. All right, that's it for me folks. I'll see you all tomorrow.
