VIDEO 062: https://youtu.be/sVZnL06Jkho

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, February the 24th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Uh charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Manthther Q. We're taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P today, the ES. And we can see that from yesterday, the measured move events off of the 30 minute opening candlestick from the prior evening, GlobeEx really gave us a good breakdown of where we ended up. We almost went one, two, three, almost 4x down. Began to build some demand here. And these wicks kept us through the afternoon. Now we have moved to and from this 6850 area for about seven trading days. And so uh that's normally as long as it goes before it expands out or expands down. No clue which one we're going to have. But what we do see for the overnight is price compression that is very tight. Here's our 30 minute opening formation and we moved up and now we're back in it. So let's see how that yeah went right to the top. So let's clone it again and work out the bottom. That bottom gave us about halfway 50% motion, which is really the first measure. You want to measure the 50% area first. And we have to see what's going on from this perspective, whether it'll hold or expand. We have uh some big earnings tomorrow. We've got a pretty solid earning slate today, right? And so that's what we want to stare down. What is trend? Well, since last night, since yesterday low, we are bouncing. So, dips are still buy zones. Let's go to a 4hour chart and have a look. If we take a look at the 4our chart, we're still seeing Let's do something like this. Let's draw that's kind of an ugly channel. Let's not do that. Um, let's try that again. And this time, my eyeballs kind of help me here. The range formation, it's not it's not bad. It's it's pretty solid holding this range event. So, 6850 still looks like a fair support zone. I believe it is the do or die, the above below region that we normally look for. price action is telling me that inventory is essentially flat. There are just as many that are bullish or bearish. You can see the RSI also just flat, right? The stochastic RSI gives us quick intraday ability to trade. We get to use that if we're saying, "Hey, I see this rolling over. I've got flat momentum, so I should come back into support." That's how you can read both of these together. This is still flat. This is still sideways. So trend support at that 6850 quite possible. Could we break out over the top of this 6871 range? Absolutely. And then where do we go? Takes us back into the major gamma line that puts us between positive and negative gamma intraday. The big line we want to get back over is 68 to 85. So far, we continue to make these lower highs on this tighter frame, but the big picture is very sideways. I used a lot of words to tell you it's very sideways. You know, in a very sideways pattern, you buy support and you sell resistance, but you want to be careful for the wicks here. And this is the last thing I want to say. The wicks are pretty important. Value area low 68.45. Value area high 6905. The walls remain the same. 6,700 on the put wall, 7,000 on the call wall. Now, let's get to the NQ. Okay, what are we staring down? Let's see if the measured move did its thing. It did. broke it a little but quickly came back. And that's really remember that's how you look at this. Am I holding a floor of support? We've had this formation break through. Is it still important? I think it is. 24,800 or so. That's going to be excuse me 745 or so. This line we just broke through. Now it's heavy congestion. It was support that we hoped would hold. Failed retest of that support gave us a short dancing around this heavy congestion zone. You know, we got ourselves price action that is essentially caught sideways particularly for this motion that we are currently sitting in. Our 30 minute price action event looks to me today like the oneh hour chart is better to look at for the NQ based on range and we can see that that's almost coming right into spot. So this area 24,800 is very noisy. Now it's an important zone but I don't want to add another line there. What I would prefer to do is use the pre-market high as a resistance zone. And let's let's get that edge 24,890 or so. That's going to be the breakthrough, the move above. And this 25,000 area still very important, very important as major resistance. What's the trend? Well, it's up from yesterday's low overnight inventory essentially flat. You know, you can draw the box around the hour and then uh just move it down. You can also draw Fibonacci does the same thing. Just do the one to ones. Right. The 50% usually pretty important. If the range is wide, this range is very tight. Inventory essentially flat. Traders are waiting for something. You can see that with the RSI. Pullbacks are going to give us buy zones. Bounces are going to give us sell zones. Value area high 24,975. Value area low 24,720. uh demand zones 24,670. If we lose this zone, we probably have got a $100 uh a 100 point drop below us. So, pretty important edge for price action to hold. If we stare back into the 4our, we can really see how rangebound we are and how my levels are really for intraday trading. If you're looking for big sideways pressure events, this line here at 25,123 is the top of the range. The bottom of that range really is the put wall and that's 24,500. That's the zero DTE put wall. 24,000 is the broad put wall. 26,000 is the call wall. very rangebound into earnings events. This is very very sideways. So any kind of catalyst is probably going to reverse back into uh the range. We've got to have real material change in the underlying of the market for it to shift structure in this space. As many of you know, I use Bitcoin to help me understand liquidity in the market. And here we are back down at this area near 62,000 that I said was pretty important for the price action to hold. And so that my friends is definitely a do or die space for this chart. Look at how much time and energy it has spent in this region. What does this tell us? Well, if it breaks down, we've got a move that puts us into 53,000 or so, right? The the put wall has shifted down. It's more reasonable here. It's at 54,000. The call wall is now at 73,000. So, they've recalibrated where they're putting this. Um, could they bounce here? Yes. Could you have a buy zone here? Yes. Is it something that you need to have a very tight leash on? Yes. Because every bounce has been a sell zone. If I were a betting man, I would say the bounces are going to be a sell zone. I know, shocker. All you have to understand is what am I breaking down? And you can see, look at this clear breakdown. Yesterday, I said, "Hey, that's the line in the sand. 65,000. If it loses that zone, we've got ourselves the downward pressure event. And here we are. Same same trend line. Now we're here. Where do buyers get an advantage? I'm not sure buyers really get an advantage in this kind of structure, but folks who are very short Bitcoin are going to start to unwind their position if we get above 64,000 in general. So that's going to be the number to watch. I suspect we are trapped between 64,000 and 62,000. Very tight compression, overnight inventory very short. Could they begin to unwind as the day begins? Yes. But Bitcoin is in a reckoning. And so until this price action tells me, hey, I've stopped moving down, I am going to leave the benefit of the doubt with the seller. Absolutely. I can't do anything but that because trend and momentum are both bearish. Okay. So that's what we're staring down. If you want to take the break to the north, looks like about 63,400. You might try that line in the sand taking you into 64. But these are incremental moves. They don't I don't see that they matter that much. Let's go to oil. So something super interesting happened yesterday. Yesterday, a slurry of puts entered the option chains in oil further ahead but definitely uh very bearish. So the question is if we have real geopolitical risk is that bearish action um telling me something? Well, if I go to the option chains, we are still in backwardation. That means the forward contracts, the ones that expire in May, the ones that expire in June, the ones that expire in August are significantly cheaper than the current contract. That is not normal. That is not normal. And so this pricing event here for what's actually happening inside of oil super interesting especially because we have saber rattling and uh I believe we told everybody in the embassies in Lebanon to leave as soon as they can and then of course there's been a max exodus out of Iran for you know months and months. Whoever could get out is doing their best to get out. So, what are we staring down? A narrative disconnect. What does that ultimately mean? I do not know. What I am estimating, however, is that we're about to find out how much real support this contract has. We moved well out of the opening range pre-market. We broke through the top of that 6690 area twice. We've done it. We did it yesterday. We did it in the pre-market. We're looking for that level again to push us forward. What's happening? Well, if we take a look at this, I don't want to have too many of these around. So, let me delete this. Holy smokes, I've got a smashing headache. Smashing it bad way. Okay, so this uh trend line just got broken after lower highs. That's not particularly bullish, right? That's that's pretty bearish. The rate of change, interestingly, about the same. So structural motion appears to be measured. So nobody dramatic doing X, Y, or Z in here. Not at all. So let's measure the wave. But let's use a big one. Let's go peak to trough. Where is our 50% marker? It's right here. I think this is 61.8. Nope, that's 50. 6640. We just lost that. Above 6640 buy zone. Below 66, we got a little bit of squish, right? But below 66 should be a sell zone. Do I want to put an alert right here? No. It's super noisy. But I will draw a line that tells us we've got something going on here at this 6640 level. Point of control is sitting right there. VWAP is sitting right there. It is going to play pingpong here. Very likely they are trying to buy that dip. So watch the edge. Value area high 6670. Value area low 6590. My supposition is that dips are still buys. And essentially you can see that we are still trapped in this broader formation. Oh my gosh, I just figured out how to do that. That's crazy. See this broad formation here? We're still caught in it. Very sideways. Little bit of break then buy. Little bit of break then sell. I think the same thing runs es. Look at all the supply here. That's insane. So that's my thought. They're going to try and keep it underneath $67 in general. And that, my friends, is a concerted effort. So let's take a look at silver. Uh very interestingly on the Bloomberg terminal today or maybe yesterday, the number one buyer of SLV was Jane Street. And so I found that to be extremely interesting. So I suspect silver's about to do a breakout. See the sideways action. It broke down pretty significantly but held the opening range of the prior day. Look at that. That's the opening range of yesterday's trading event that's holding the floor trend up. Maybe if it uses yesterday's measured movements, which sometimes it can the move up to 90 on the horizon. Definitely on the horizon. Lots of supply here though. Lots of supply. So, if they work really hard and get through it, we're going to have ourselves an explosion to the north. Otherwise, we come back down into the 80s and dance around, try and fill up this volume profile event. Value area low 80. Value area high 89. Where are the walls? Put wall 81. That's moved up. Oh, wow. I think the call wall's sitting underneath here. That is very interesting. Yep. So, Cowwell sitting underneath here at 85. We are well over that. That's going to give price expansion a boost. So, dips or buys definitely right there. So, let's take a look at gold. This one triggered yesterday and is now a gigantic point of contention. However, look at where the opening range is. Well, above us. What's the likelihood of the motion uh up right 5240 is my suspicion on an upside pressure event. and then downside supply all the way to 5130. That being said, the zero DTE put wall is 5163. Pretty wide value area. 5260 is value area high. 5,15 or so value area low. VWAP and the point of control are pretty far apart. So the VWAP is down here at 5120, the point of control up here at 5190. Compression, folks, we're getting ready to have a move. So could you say to yourself, self, I'm going to do a buy or a sell outside of the range? Yes, you can. You can do a buy stop above 5216 if that's what you want to do. You can do a sell stop if you're under 5160. Other than that, this coiling here, it is going to break. This is a very very big coil. Now, momentum is flat for the RSI downward for the stochastic. That means any kind of savage dip we have should run into buying pressure. And so if we keep these guys aligned, I'm joining these two uh points down here. This is what we're staring down. Just a sideways uh reversion to the mean. Okay. Spy. not getting the spy data for um pre-market. I think I've messed up a setting somewhere here, but we know it's fairly sideways. We know we're caught in a range. uh 679 value area low. Value area high 691. Call wall 700. Put wall 675. It's been there for days and days. The go no-go line appears to be the 67980. Below it, we should see more sellers. Staying above it. We've got ourselves a bounce zone. Target area back into 686, 687. That's the VWAP line. That line changes a lot. So let's you know this this is the one that we ought to have here. Yes, that's the VWAP line. It's right up in this noisy patch. You know the noisy patch I think ought to be the anchored VWAP. That's the test through the upside and into 690. This area is still the breakaway zone. Above it, shorts are going to want to cover. longs are going to jump on in. Other than that, this is a dip by you take it off at the midline. Uh max pain still sitting around these edges up here. But, you know, it's any man's game here. We are trading in both directions right now. Very, very sideways. All right, folks. Take it easy. I'll see you on the streams. Please remember, I'll be offline for most of Wednesday. I'll do a morning report, but I'm out of pocket all day. Take care.
