VIDEO 063: https://youtu.be/lh90ZZ9MNB0

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Monday, February the 23rd, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. My name is Anry Band. Charts by Trendpider. Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. We're going to start with taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. This is the 30 minute. I'll show you what I saw. But if we go back to our daily, we can see that we are still very rangebound even after all of the news that came through the weekend and uh particularly on Friday with the tariff decisions. But the more you dig into that, the more you see that what the ruling was was, hey, you checked the wrong box. So, um, that's still up in the air. Now, what have we seen in the overnight as we come down into the 30-inut chart, 30 minute candlestick really was fairly big for a 30-minute candlestick. I have it boxed off. The very interesting thing is that we faded all the way down back into our 6865 area. So this zone here is now really shaping up as the go no-go line in terms of buyers going to try really hard to keep us above the line. Sellers will retain dominance below the line. Interestingly enough, we've got a huge demand zone at our last 6850 and we rose above that creating another demand zone in the overnight. Now, of course, volume is light. We're seeing smaller motions, but this is what we are looking at. And so, in uh market kickoff yesterday, I said, "Hey, I'm going to watch for this 68.885 85 to give me a level to trade the 68856887. And it did, but only a few points. Now, here's how the price action looked when it hit it the first time. Trend down, momentum down, and so I knew the bounce would be counter trend. Coming up against it this time, notice VWAP holding me as support. I've got trend up. That's the very thin line that you can see in the background if you can see it at all. And momentum up. So that gave me the clear shot of that's where the long comes and 6905 6907 where the first shot to the upside was attempted that um that is the exit point. So, very nice ride upwards there. What are we looking at? I did a 30 minute measurement and I cloned it and then cloned it again. Beautiful target action coming right into that 6860 zone. It really was textbook a textbook bounce telling me that price action is still moving in some sort of mild rhythm. This moving average I think is a little too um a little too light. Let me make it just a bit bigger. We can see it there. All right. Okay. So, where do we go above? So max pain today for the ES is sitting right interestingly at value area high call still at 7,000 still at 7,000 foot wall still at 6700 okay and these are the big put walls the intraday put walls move a lot so I don't talk about them very much the Big things to watch. Value area high 6924. Point of control 6917. VWAP for the range 68.889. And then value area low 6873. So those are some good lines to work with. I imagine that we go sideways until this gets sorted, right? But trend is up. We're sitting above the moving averages. So dips are going to be buy zones in general. The key dips now look like 68.885 and 6865 thereabouts. Potentially bullish day. A lot of the I mean Lance Roberts said, "Hey, we're looking for big what potential big bounce." Um, Brent at Spot Gamma said the same thing. The chains look pretty negative to me. So, I'm not sure what it is that they're seeing alto together, but, you know, could be bouncy. And certainly, I'm not going to dig my feet in the sand about where it is I think price is going. It could go just about anywhere. But as we take a look here at the NQ, you can see all of this supply up here. Resistance coming in. 25,000 is that alert line that we have above or below. Value area high 25,032. This gamma wall here moves us between uh negative and positive flow. It's a pretty high. I think that's fairly interesting. Take a look at where these walls are. Look at how far away they are. 26,000 for the call wall, 24,000 for the put wall. So this put wall has moved between 24,000 and 24,500 and then 24,000 and 24,500. So it's moved around over the last couple of months right around this zone. the the call wall has also moved around by about 500. It's come in a little bit. It's moved out, but this is a very wide wall. And it's because of all the reporting that's going to occur this week, particularly Nvidia. And if somebody says Nvidia one more time, I'm going to go crazy. It's Nvidia. But I digress. Let's move along. Notice the measured move 30 minute here and cloned and then cloned again. It stopped a little shy of the measured move and buyers came in around this 24,800. We have been seeing 24,750 as that line. Now it looks like 24,800. The value area low 24,780. Value area high again up there a little over 25,000 near the big gamma wall above below here. Well, I mean, you know, we're going to have to use the pre-market low. I think 24,800 or so. But dips look like buys. They look like buys. And so, what do we want to stare down? We want to look at this line. What is this line? Okay, that's another gamma line. Oh, that's the putsy zero DTE put. The zero DT put wall is here at 24,900. That might be a pretty good line to say, you know, let's give it a shot for the first pass long market is uh a lot of the voices I listen to that give me moves in the market, but they are saying we've got this bullish action on the horizon. I I don't I really do not see it. And I don't see it for a couple of reasons, but the fact that Bitcoin slipped through this 65,800 area, I mean, with with Ephesus gives me um a little bit of pause about a big bounce holding, but it's neither here nor there. What is current trend right now? It's up. We are above the VWAP. We are above the moving average. Momentum is high, but still in a space where it's not going to lead you all the way up there. I would not be surprised to see it come back to 65,400 maybe even where the demand zone and the the demand area is at 65,000 even. That actually is a pretty good alert. Let's put that one there. That's the line in the sand. A lot of demand came in. Where is the target zone? Well, look at where the 30 minute formation is. All the way up here. value area high near 68,000. Lots of supply up there. It's been up there for days. So, breaking through it, we're going to need a lot of thrust. So, the pullbacks certainly are buy zones. The go no-go line 65,000. And then if we lose that ledge, see that lower high break? I don't know if they were shaking. we cans out because it is holding pretty solidly from this 63,000. But that would be the next spot. 64,000 actually. And then this area at 61,500 or so, right? That's really what they're looking at. Really trying to hold trend and lift off the floor. But this chart is continually making lower highs and lower lows. And you know that I believe this is how liquidity is being measured in the market. And as long as this trend stays down, it's hard for me to say, "Hey, listen. I I think we're going to have ourselves a bounce." I just a a solid bounce. I just don't see it. But as it is, it is what it is. It is what it is. I am not going to die on that hill of further downside. All right, let's take a look at oil. oil gapped down and uh the top step charts were super weird because this this candlestick showed up as a down candle which obviously it was not. I don't know if they've corrected it but that's it's bizarre that that was totally wrong. But anyways, we just filled the gap in oil. Every dip is going to be bought in oil in my mind in the near term. In the near term. So what might we be looking at today? Well, trend is a little bit down. This is the first trend break. So expectations here take me to value area high which is about $66.70. Momentum could stay solid there. So we really have to make sure that we see this pattern um defending to this upside. I I would not be surprised to see the traders bring it back to value area low, which is about $65.70 or so. Let's take these wicks into consideration. Let's make an alert 6575 and then a lot of supply up here. There is a number at 6550, but we might easily hold 6575. That would be the area I would suggest would make a clean long trade with about 25 cents of risk. That looks pretty solid. Where would it go? Well, this is one up from the rectangle. I first 30 minutes I see it heading all the way up here. It could it could easily head up here. So this is let's do an alert here. And this number is 6690ish. That would be the old break. We'll see what happens. I think the saber rattling is pretty loud. So, we could easily shift to the north. Easily shift to the north. That being said, it's very hard to stay up here if you with this stoastic RSI. It's especially for oil. It does do it. You can see that it did it in the past through this gigantic move, but the trend formation isn't quite looking like that. If it starts looking like that, you know, we're going to walk through the measured move event. Let's see where the walls are. Holy smokes. Okay, the wall, the put wall has risen. It was 57 for a while. It's now 60 and the call wall is at 70. So, they are positioned for volatility. It's very very wide wide volatility band in oil. A quick look at silver. Whoops. Wrong contract. Forgive me. Sorry, I didn't mean to blow raspberry in your ear. Okay, so here we are. Wow. Well, these guys are upside down here in silver put wall above the call wall. Uh, that should not be, but it's running pretty hot again since Friday. Moving pretty hot. Gotten into a little bit of sideways pressure. This whole box is inventory. The whole box is inventory. It's hard to use a 30 minute candlestick with silver because it's so volatile, but it still does work. You just have to be careful about those edges because they can slip over the edge pretty easily. big supply zone showing up at around $88, which is also the daily max reading from MenthQ in terms of the max position move that the expectations were for silver today. So, it's already sitting at max. Um, yeah. So, we'll see what happens here. I don't want to touch that right now, but if you're so inclined, maybe $85 gives you the first buy zone and then potentially, you know, 8250. 8250. All right, let's go to gold. Gold has a little bit of the same formation. its relative move has been uh higher because it's just it did not fade the way that silver did, but it's pretty hot. And so remember, if these things start running really hot, COMX is going to come in and change the margins again. Not maybe not right now, but don't forget that they could. And that's going to take a lot of speculation out of the market. So, here we go. What are we staring down? First 30-minute formation was very big and the measured move up gave us a 50% move and held that just under 5200. The call wall is at 5220. The put wall is at 4700. So a lot of the traders do not expect the break of this wall. If this wall breaks, we could run very hot to the north one more time uh in the near term. So what are we staring down? A trend that is pretty parabolic but sideways pressure in the overnight. We are now just testing the top of the 30 minute chart. Momentum is positive but trend is flat. That gives us sideways action. Pull back in at 5130. Um the next zone that looks like a pretty solid buy this area here is the zero DTE put wall today and that is 5120. The long that I took last night that triggered did very nicely. I did stop it at the top of the 1 hour candlestick which was around 5190. So that was that was a really nice trade. So 5165ish or so to 5190. Very nice trade. And then it pulled back pretty hard. Pretty hard. So we're still going to be looking for that pullback of support. Notice how far away the trend line is. We could fade to the bottom of that 30 minute box before we move forward again. Above below 5130 is uh the line in the sand. Let's take a look at spy. SPY is the one thing that actually looks like it could break to the north a lot better than the ES or the NQ or anyone else. Max pain is around this 690 number and so the expansion away from it in either direction is going to act like a magnet. The put wall 675. The call wall still 700 here. Overall, I mean we're still in this big heavy congestion space. We could easily come all the way back to the top. Remember, we're just a couple of percentage points from all-time highs. And so, price action could send us right back into this range before we head down again. I I just see us very congested at this juncture. Just very, very congested. So, what do we want to do here? Well, we're battling at resistance zones. But we've got strong momentum and we've got strong trend. So dips or buys. So where's the best dip? Look at the piano keys that have come up through the course of the day yesterday. I'm not sure why there's not a new candle printing here yet, but it looks fairly it looks fairly bullish in general, right? Let me refresh and see if that is the problem. We should have candle sprinting here, but I don't see them. All right, wherever they are, dips are buys. And so we can stare down this trend line that's sharp and realize that our support zones near 685, last week's max pain number, is now clean support. It's it's very clean support. So let's draw a line right there. Create an alert and we'll see what gives. Okay. All right, everyone. That's it for me. I will see you on the streams later today. Group coaching and you know we've got our midday money ball report on the Benzinga Pro platform. I'll see you soon.
