VIDEO 064: https://youtu.be/xiHBDqO3gRU

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone, my name is Ann Marie Ban. Today is Friday, February the 20th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. charts by Trendpider and gamma flows by Menthor Q. We begin with a little bit more downside pressure, but again, it's another inside morning. We had an inside day yesterday. A lot of us talk about things and we go, gosh, you know, things were choppy. It didn't look right. But we still tried to trade. And this is a problem because are you going to skate when the ice is soft or thin? And I would say no. The more comfortable you get trading, the better you're going to see what availability for um real return looks like. And your trade frequency will go down. if you're looking for premium spots, right? And that premium spot would be, hey, everybody's in here. My risk is relatively small and so on and so forth. So there we have staring down the space. Inventory was bullish and just like yesterday, Europe opened up and it sold right off. And so here it is here. That's selling at the open of Europe yesterday and then selling today. And they're both selling at lower highs from February the 18th. Okay, which is Wednesday. So on a Friday expiration, uh all the VIX contracts have rolled. Max Payne, which I can't go into here. We might talk about it in one of the uh top step coaching sessions. We'll we'll talk about that. But max pain looks to be somewhere around this line in the sand 68.90. All right. Um, side note in the S&amp;P 500 for future volatility, the traders are expecting some kind of event here, some kind of event and then they've sort of flattened out here. So, that's not really great. But this is a very interesting observation. So today, SPX max pain is sitting between 6861 and 6900. What does that mean? The further away you get from those, the more likely it is to pull back. If we're in sideways structures and that's where we are and that's the reason I'm talking about max pain in the first place. It is much stronger when we sit in a zone that is compressed by resistance and support. All right. So, what's the trade today? Well, momentum is down. Trend is sideways. So, we should see something else like this. So, what does that mean? deep dips, very likely buy zones. What am I doing? I am looking for buying pressure sitting around 6850. That's where I'm going to try a long. I'm not going to try a long anywhere else. One, I got too much going on here for XRE. And then two, seems like the best place. Now, could it leave me in the dust and jump right off of this 6860 area? Of course, it could. Absolutely. But I don't care. There you have it. Okay. So, here we have this. Now, where is price action going to tilt long and keep staying long? If we get above this 6905 area where all of this supply sits 6904 6905 we could push into the flow lines that are higher to the north. So, we have to be very careful because a lot of traders are getting absolutely flumxed because they're thinking, "Hey, this is it. We're selling off." And they'll get very short and they'll have to unwind their entire trade simply because the market's not ready to get very short. It simply is not. We have demand sitting below 68.50 50 to 6820. We have supply sitting above 6904 to 6931. Let's go to the NQ. The less used a contract is for hedging in large environments, the less likely max pain is going to work. So, we only talk about max pain for spy and the ES. So, that being said, let's get to the NQ. We just tested the solid line of support that I thought would be the above below line for yesterday and look what it did. It essentially was, but you'd have to be very careful executing here. It's doing it again. So, what I'm going to do is remove the alert and leave the ray that shows listen 24,800. A big line in the sand. Where's the actual demand? It sits just above us above this 24,700 area and we are going to mark it off where the clear demand lines look and that's 24,745. Another place we'll put an alert that zone if it gets broken value area low is below us at 24,650. Again, if I use words that you're like, what does that mean? Don't even worry about it. Just gloss it over and go, what line is she talking about? And is she talking about that line being an area that gives us a relative support or relative resistance? That's it. Okay. Don't worry about the gobbledygook. We sit inside of value area. And so the tendency in value area is to go from bottom to top, back to bottom, back to top until something material changes in the outset of what the traders are looking for. Okay, so we still have an alert up here at 25,000. That was where the call wall was. It seems to have drifted higher to 25,100. The put wall is still well below at 24,500. And in here, we can see that value area is also very wide. Where's the ideal buy point? Again, bottom of the range, 24,745. inventory is not very skewed at all. Right? It truly is not. Whoops. As a matter of fact, we just left the opening range. And so they were long and then they have done same thing. Asia, excuse me, Europe, Europe opens up and they fall to the floor. Okay. So, whatever's going on there, I don't know, but it is what it is. So, there is the sell zone into 24,745. Could you buy it somewhere around the VWAP or point of control? You could, but it's better to let it swing away from it and then trade towards it because of that magnetic field that sits there. That's that's what I would suggest. Anyway, let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. Well, had a nice big B. Whoa. It had a nice big bounce but right into resistance. Right into resistance. So what does this tell us? It's still caught in value areas. It is inside of Wednesday's trading range and coming into the VWAP right now at about 67,200. The daily VWAP event. I have two VWAPs plotted. One VWAP is the line that goes through the pricing action and this VWAP over here is the line that goes through the time that we are here. Okay. So, still sitting in range. Still sitting in range. It is breaking out above the highs of yesterday. And so, that's what they're testing right now. momentum very sharp but coming into support. Lots of inventory here. So, they're going to try and buy it at the 67,000. What's the risk? Well, 67,000 even. They're going to try and buy it at the 67,465 zone. You can see them coming in as we speak. Why? High of yesterday. inventory accumulation. And so you could buy it here, but the risk is actually the risk is pretty good. It's only about 300 points below. So the risk is not bad. Okay. Line in the sand still. Um this 66,000 area. It broke it handily yesterday but recovered. So, it's still telling us it's a recovery zone. We need to watch for it. Take a look at it and say, "Hey, that's the line that's going to divide buyers from sellers." Down here at around 65,600, 65,800 is where they reflexively bought, but demand is well below. The demand zones are cluttered down here all the way down at 63,900 to 64,560. What's the trade? Short off the bottom. Excuse me. Long off the bottom, short off the top. And that's what we're staring down. Put wall still well above us. We don't really want to consider those. They just they are not um they're not really good at giving us predictive edge. Okay, let's take a look at oil. What's oil doing? It's breaking out. Listen, a lot of people are telling us, hey, look at all the reserves. They talked about China building up its oil reserves. They're talking about the EIA having a lot of uh inventory that all the noise talking about all this inventory and guess what keeps happening to the price of oil keeps running up. So what does this tell you? The runup is not connected to what it is that the media is talking about. So, let's just take a look at where they're building inventory. Now, they're building inventory between 6579 and I would say $66.90. So, The buy zone is $65.80. Could it be rolling over? Yes. Where is value area high? Well, we're sitting right on top of it. We're sitting right on top of value area high. Look at where the point of control is. Point of control is all the way down here at $62.38. The VWAP for the range is $65. So what could the traders do? They could collapse. Take a look what's going on here. Look at the divergence in momentum. And yet it is still creeping to the north. What is this a good reminder of? That trend is master and commander. And if you try to take trades using just momentum, you're going to get smashed. You are you're gonna get clubbed. So don't don't do it. Keep your eyes on trend. Know that we are in a sideways space and literally this number at 6582 is a do or die. If it fails, the failed bounce will very likely bring us into the VWAP. Call wall 70, put wall 60. So, there's a $10 range in here. The put wall was 57. It's now moved up to 60. The call wall remains at 70. Still upside drift. Lots of messy patches in here. Be careful. This formation does not tell us it's got a ton of bullish action. So, if it loses 6582, it's got to quickly recapture it or this chart is moving to the south. value area high sits right there at this very big gamma line $66.50 thereabouts. Staying underneath there is going to start looking bearish. What would I do here? Well, my first inkling would be, hey, I'm going to buy that dip if it comes down. But my stop will be very tight. That's the first thing. My stop's going to be very tight. 10 15 cents max because it needs to absolutely respond immediately. If it does not, this is the fade we are going to experience. Lot of big things happening in oil. All right, let's go to gold. Gold broke through our ledge at 5, 2016. I don't think this ray was a very good one. Um, the line. I don't I don't like it anymore. There's too much congestion sitting there. Why can't it just get away from me? All right. Can I Can I get this line? Nope. Keeps bumping into a gamma flow line. All right. So, what do we have? Bullish pressure. Inventory accumulation that is trying to break through. It just got up above our big line at 560. That was the topping formation that we initially looked at, right? Old resistance, new resistance, a value area high also up there at 5,50. So if you're short, great. But that's a mean reversion trade. So, it's time to get out of that short. If indeed you took it, or at least I would get out of that short. Then we take a look at this new line here. What's momentum doing? It's above zero. and trend is above zero. So, dips or buys. Could it break through this area? Absolutely. Could break through 5,60. Then we get 5100 and then 5130. Trend still telling us it's updraft. Momentum still above zero though barely. Let's see if it double tops or breaks away. That's a very organized move up above the top here. So, I imagine a breakout that pulls back and gives you another shot. This is a pretty good buy zone right here, but it is stepping in front of downward momentum. Let's finally look at SPY. Okay, so max pain for those of us that are interested max pain event line which is now um let's remove the alert and remove the ray and remove the horizontal line because max pain is now at the region around 685. Okay, so this is where max pain is currently. So what do you do with max pain? If you're staring it down and you go, "Hey, I want an intraday trade here." You wait for price action to expand very high and then you can take a short spread, a short call spread back down here where Max Bane is. Wait for it to move away. If it goes all the way down here, you could do Did I say short put spread? I mean short call spread. If it moves all the way up here, if it moves all the way down here, you do a short put spread back there at the max pain event. Okay? So, just don't go selling a hundred of these. All right? It could fall through the floorboard at any time. The good thing is that the max pain is caught in between the gamma flows. And when that happens, it's usually a region that can keep us very nicely rangebound and allows us to collect premium. So, looks very, very good. So, we'll leave max pain sitting there at 685. We don't really need an alert there to be honest. So, because we know it's the line, we're looking for the regions far away from the line to take us back to the line. You could also take a long call, probably less dangerous than taking a short put in this environment in terms of risk. You could take a long call or a long call spread if it gets way far away from that max pain line and then you can watch it revert to the main. Today will be sticky because it's options expiry. I don't do max pain on Fridays. I just simply don't. But I want you to be familiar with what's going on. All right, that's it. Upper levels 688 to 690. Put wall 675. It stayed right there. We're right in the middle of this noise. Uh this is our third day in this range. Actually fourth fifth day if we count all of the pre-market action. Six days sitting in this range. So, we're still coiling very tightly. I do not know what the market is waiting on, but they continue to hedge downside risk. So, be careful, watch yourself, and in the meantime, just trade the range. Trade the range until it breaks and keep your risk tight. All right, everybody. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
