VIDEO 067: https://youtu.be/pPDJ4ubGPIs

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the 17th, as we begin a shortened week in the market due to President's Day yesterday. My name is Ann Marie Band and the charts are by Trendpider. Gamma flows by Menther Q and this is Moneyball Morning Report. All right, let's take a look at the ES. We've got the call wall sitting up at 7,000. It's come in 50 points. The put wall has come up also. It's come up 200 points. It's now 6800. We did test a key level near 687, which was a number that I've been looking at for a little bit of time. Let's keep this big fat round number at 6,800. And let's put an alert here simply because the big fat round number is essentially going to matter. Now, let's take a look at what's been going on in times past. We had a shortened day yesterday. So, of course, volume was very thin. Not a good place to play if you're looking for charts where volume needs to be important. We certainly didn't have it there. And interestingly, in the thin volume, markets could not hold higher highs. And so, I've taken just this as an active trend line to see what we are doing. They are trying to hold the bottom. So buyers are trying to get involved here. The key point will be are they able to break back above and hold value area low which is somewhere around 6835. As we stare this down, we can see that inventory is basically short in the overnight. Why? Because markets are down. If we're staring at the first 30 minute formation, we can see that we broke the top side of it and then came back and we have held we held the bottom side of it until a very hard break that tested the floor and the retest of that break at 68.50 brought sellers right in. So the breach of 6850 puts us right back inside of the inventory box. So what do we make of that? In general, something that's sideways because if we stare down the entire formation, you can see that inventory is trying to hold anywhere between 6820 and 6,900. So there's about 80 points of squish. The value area high is just shy of that round about 6892. What's the formation tell us here? Well, they're trying to buy the dips, trying to recover. We get above 6850. Buyers are going to get more aggressive. Those buyers will try to force us into 68 uh71. They're on the back foot. The VWAP is sitting at 6878 and the point of control is right here at 6850. This is very messy trading. If you dig in to what's going on in the smaller spaces, you can see that there's inventory building along the line of and then some real resistance at 6842. They will try to wick this up, right? Momentum is moving. They will try to wick it up particularly into this zone. I would say it's a dip by event. But if we can't get above 6850 or we get above 6850 and then collapse at the anchor VWAP around 6860, 6865 where we've seen all kinds of resistance, you know, we're going to be caught in the pocket. hard to really say what the traders are after. They might just be treading water until the next event. Now, notice how different the NQ looks. In a general sense, this is the zero DTE put wall. And as many of you have pointed out, that zerod put wall can change very rapidly. The big put wall remains at 24,000. We have lots of supply. Excuse me. Lots of demand here. And so traders are coming in and trying to hold the floor. That floor will be a line in the sand today. 24,560. If we lose that zone, traders should try to recapture it quickly. If we don't hold it, it's going to continue to fade. I read a very interesting article this week on why it is that we are starting to see this drift down in the indices and a little too complex to talk about but very um very thoughtful in terms of other drivers in the environment that we might need to consider. And so this drift down is potentially what we are likely to see. The big bounces should give us more uh downside into the range. What the traders are trying to do in the NQ is get back above value area low. The point of control is right inside of that zone at 24,775. I would anticipate that that would be what they're after, that 75 zone. 24,721 seems to be a pretty solid resistance area. Are the traders trying to build a floor? Yes, they are. Are they being successful at that? Not really, because every time they bounce, they make a lower high. And that has got to change before price action begins to hold to the north. If it does hold, the stair steps are 21,720, then 21,70, then 21,830, and then 24,900. Did I say 21,000? Good grief. 24,850. And then if they get some traction, we've got 24,977, which is where value area high is sitting. Somewhere in that zone, we probably are going to find ourselves, some form of resistance. So that's what we're staring down. What does our overnight formation look like? It looks like we spent about two hours trying to hold that 30 minute open at which point it faded and did not even come to test it. So, it's showing weaker than the ES downside pressure event. Is this the No, that's the 3:00 a.m. candle. The midnight candle is way down here. We don't look at the midnight candle on Tuesdays. We only look at midnight candle on Wednesday where it has the highest probability of a retest. If we fade and lose 24,560, the next line in the sand is 24,430 or so. We can see demand sitting in this pocket between 24,350 and 24,400. So that'll be that floor that we are staring down. I suspect that we'll be caught in the range today in terms of what news has coming across the pike very quickly. We'll take a look at these guys sideways. The floor they want to keep a hold on 49,328 in the YM. That's the floor. The ceiling is just above value area high. That's 49,817. We broke the last fade. And so post 49,817 to the north gives us another 100 points to the upside. And then this very thin volume pocket could create a lot of uh buying to cover. We really want to watch that. Okay. Again, I don't particularly think that's going to happen. However, the YM is presenting just a bit stronger than everyone else in general. It's still sitting below the 30 minute low of 49,65. Dips or buys into resistance. the RTY doing the same sort of thing again a little bit stronger. I think traders are just looking for places to buy knowing that they need to leave other places. It's held the floor. That's different about the RTY. It's held the floor. This big pocket of inventory was tested as support and held. And so it looks pretty solid up here into value area high which is 2661 to 265. Okay, it's breaking out fairly nicely coming right into the anchor VWAP. really breaching the high of the first 30 minute candlestick. Chances are we're going to bump into some sellers right here. Just what normally happens. Don't chase it out at the top. There's too much disjunction unless you're scalping. And if you're scalping, you can give it a go. All right, let's take a look at uh Bitcoin. If we look at February's cycle, as you remember, I said, "Hey, listen. We're going to be dancing around this zone for a hot minute, which is why I'm flat. I'm waiting for price action to do its thing." The call wall is below the pilot wall, which we see a lot in micro Bitcoin simply because the option traders are not particularly sophisticated in here and they get thrown off sides a lot. So 70,000 is the call wall. The put wall is above at 72. What does all of that mean? It's just a range. Just it's just a range. Look at the congestion. Look at what the traders are trying to do. And they're trying to hold higher lows. Now, are they doing that a little bit? Especially over yesterday and this morning. Inventory is short, sitting above them, and we should pop into some inventory correction fairly soon. That's going to put it up into this box, bring it to net zero, or it's going to stay at the bottom of the box and be choppy. Support level 67,290. Resistance 70,000. Sellers going to be much more active underneath 67,290. And we still have a big supply zone at this 65,000. We shall see. I think clearly they're chopping around. They are clearly chopping around here. So, this is a short-term hold if you go long. It's a short-term hold if you go short. The market is in the middle of deciding what in the world do we do in this space. And as you can see, the traders have done a pretty good job of breaking through the resistance line and building another resistance line. You might look at a GAN fan or a Fibonacci fan if you were looking at something like this, but I say those are often just overly complex to consider. All right, let's take a look at oil. So um oil also in a sideways patch. This sideways patch has been very dramatic, right? And so the drama associated with this tells us the following. They are trying to hold the floor. Forward contracts still in contango, but those are squeezing together fairly well. Squeezing together fairly well. And so now in go in oil, we are above the VWAP. We're above the point of control. We're above all of this massive consolidation. We tested it in the overnight and held. And so, we are recovering every bit of the action there. So, you might say to yourself, well, gosh, I sure do wish I could have looked here for a position. With every chart, you're going to be able to tell what to do by looking to the left. We're not making brand new highs and so looking to the left is going to help tremendously. So where are we coming in now? Next heavy levels of congestion sit right here. And wouldn't you know it, oh for goodness sake, that's where the traders are stalling out. They're stalling out right in right at the top of that inventory box. So what do we expect? a fade potentially into a higher low. Oil is going to move up, folks. We are in uh geopolitical straits that many of us that are young, even youngish, have never seen. So, this is going to rise. Energy is the largest most important input to any business cycle. Whether that's human energy or inorganic energy, which is right here that we're seeing in the oil market, it's going to rise. So, what do we want to see? A pullback that's going to give us another bounce or a hold of the VWAP, which is sitting at $63.54. Put wall below us at $62. call wall above us at $65. We do break these quite often. We're just looking at those walls as targets while gamma flow is positive. And if it shifts negative, we'll look at it as a potential place we're going to see a fight. Same thing down here. All right, let's take a look at gold. Oh, you know what? Let's look at silver first. So, we're in a lull. in silver. Uh it could have another leg lower before it bounces. So I would watch for that particularly. 73 pretty good zone to stare down. Tons of supply between 71 and 68. Bounces are sell zones. They're staying that way for now, but once we get to the floor, we see buyers again. The line in the sand is to me definitely sitting around this $73.50 range. It's very very uh it really sticks out. I mean, it really sticks out as a level. And so, if we lose the zone, we're very likely to fall into these lower edges. Now, if we hold it, we've got upside pressure that pushes us into $76.90, $77.70, and then back up into value area high at $78.90. That's really what we're staring down for gold. Gold starting to look a little bit more like silver in the near term. Overall, gold has held its uh Wow, that's a terrible line. Let's try and change that one. Gold has held its breaks fairly well. And so the bounces are going to be fairly important. Notice this one here I have as a breakthrough and not a touch. So it breaks through, but it doesn't close under there, which is why it did not trigger. 4,900. Big deal here. Tons of demand price action anywhere between 4,870 and 4,840. Dips clearly buys old breakout zones. We've got a gamma line here at 5,030. That's a target space. Old support, new resistance gives us 4980. If it gets there, we could probably test 5,000. I suspect price action gets very sideways here in the near term. We're just coiling. We could fade, but those fades will give us buying pressure and the momentum is very steep. So, watch the test of the higher levels. Compression in the early market um says that 5,000 could be that test right there. So that's what we want to stare down. Finally, let's take a look at spy. We drew, look at this beauty. We drew this box last week. I left the box. I duplicated the box. Look at where we are at the bottom of the box. So a trust factor in order to trade these things is really quite important. All the bounces, all the movement, it literally tells you we're going to go from one area of inventory to the next. And that's exactly what we've done. Again, I have the breakthrough right here. This is uh on Friday. That breakthrough did not trigger simply because it did not close below it. It's still the number to watch. 6 $678. $677. Those are the edges. The put wall is $675. The call wall at 700. Price action easily sideways today, but don't underestimate the power of people getting off sides in one direction or another. Notice how everyone take a look at where this comes in. That's the measured move from up here. It pops right into this zone here at $672. That's a big gamma wall. Also, don't underestimate the fact that it could do the same sort of thing and fill in the volume profile down here. Interesting days ahead, folks. You want to be careful. I'll be on uh Topstep in the Coach's Classroom today. I'll be on the Benzinga Pro Show and then I'll see you guys on Topstep TV. So, a big day and looking forward to spending time with everyone. Take care.
