VIDEO 068: https://youtu.be/7j3Awo5SnvA

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Friday, February the 13th. No idea how many Friday the 13th we have this year, but it's just another Friday. Don't freak out if you're one of the people that get nervous about such things. Hey, let's take a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P for today's money warning report. Charts by Trendpider Gamma flows by Menth Q. Take a look at what happened yesterday. We framed this out very nicely. First break in the morning brought us to the second break which gave us a minor bounce and then the rundown which was absolutely incredible. Notice I'm not really sure we've stopped the momentum is starting to lift. We are trying to build structure down here at around 6827. Yesterday you if you saw me posting anything you may have noticed that I said hey if we lose um 6850 we've got ourselves right down to 6830 and then 6809. So, put wall is at 6,800. Let's take a look at a big picture. See what's going on. You see this? This is a monster sideways mosh pit. Just really messy. So, my suspicion is that the number to really hold is this one right here at 6779. Let's put an alert there. Now, could it be that um we come in and dance around here for hours like this area? Yes. Could we flush all the way down and come to a gamma line which is 6750 also? Yes. But the big picture tells us nothing's really broken. Nothing's really broken. And if you take a look at the broad market like a heat map kind of thing, it's not pure correlation across the board. So there's this is an organized repricing. Nothing crazy going on here. Nobody flipping out. So we shouldn't either. Let me reset this alert. Keep it as the breakthrough. We know that'll be a recovery event. And I'm gonna delete this drawing because it's noisy. All right, let's take a look at two things. What we want to talk about is inventory accumulation and what are the traders battling around? And so to me, the 6870 right down to around where we are, the 6826, 6827. Key zones, key zones to watch for structure to build. Here's the problem. We bounced off of this 68.25 before and we came into a lower high. That's what we have to break. This formation needs breaking. So, how does that happen? We can rally sharply up above the 6850 and go to the top of the box at 6870 or we sit tight and we wait for the test of 6850 and we try the short again. It may or may not come. Important line to watch here because they are trying to build that structure. But while they're building it, they're still making lower highs and lower lows. And so my suspicion is that we stay away from trying to hang on to anything here. Now, doesn't mean we can't scalp. 6825, stop at 6820. Probably make that stop 6815. If that kind of risk makes you nervous, wait and let it recover back into the box and then you'll have yourself a nice trade. Okay? But bounces or sells, supply right above us, demand right here at the port wall. So let's do a measured move. Notice came right here. A little bit of puking out on this edge and then they turned right around and came back. Let me clone this one more time to see if it came to the halfway mark. I mean, it looks like it did. If if I measure this box, yeah, it comes right to that halfway spot before um turning around. So I I like this measure. I do I like this measure for downward flow. Uh the market is not going crazy. It's just a simple repricing of risk and that happens. So what do we do? We are calm and we follow along. Right? So I'm going to remove a couple of these lines. What happens if we really catch a bid? Now remember this is what happens. People get off sides and they start selling off really sharp and then they have to turn around and go uhoh, right? Inventory is a little bit short. Let's do a measured move from high to low. And our halfway mark is at 6877. That's also value area low. I think that is the number that we need to put an alert on. 6880 and some change. We'll give it a little bit of room. And let me get rid of this Fibonacci. It It works perfectly on this ledge. So definitely stair steps 68.25 6854 6885 listen we have so much opportunity sitting in these markets. I remember trading back in I don't know the early and literally we'd have three points of motion for the entire day in the middle of the summer and maybe 10 points in the active part. So this is dramatic motion. A lot of ways to make money, a lot of ways to lose money. So, wait for your positioning. All right. Callwall still up at 7,000. Put wall was at 6600. It's now at 6,800. So, they are trying to stem the tide here, I imagine, and buy on the dip if it comes back into the range is my thought because the short puts are the obligation to buy. Very interesting. Let's go to the ENQ. See what gives here. Okay, so we had same thing. Break of the edge movement down opens up the short this line. Let's see what's going on with this. We leave it right here, but we pull it down on the same trend line. Looks pretty good. So, here's what we know. the line in the sand to be today 24,800. After that, I suspect this gamma wall, which is also value area low at 24,954, gives us a potential move. Now, let's look at inventory accumulation. Let's see if we can see clarity here or if it's just a lot of noise. We're still making lower highs and lower lows. The box here is very messy. Why? No clear markups, though. This edge looks like it's got a shove. 24,540. So, let's do it. We know the call the put wall is 25,000 and so it's fine. There's demand underneath it. 24,410. This is the box really. This is our support floor that we need to recover. 24,412 somewhere around there. All right. Inventory box. Why am I hesitant to draw this? I am because it doesn't feel like the same rhythm. Although, here's what we could definitely see. up here is the heaviest congestion. So, let's assume that that one's right. Let's clone it down. Comes almost right to the edge there. So, I'm not uncomfortable with this measure. And that comes right in a 50% marker. Yeah, I I think that my eyeballs are seeing this correctly. 24,250. and then you know 24,000 and some change. So what are the traders trying to do? They're trying to hold the floor right here. It's very clear that they are trying to hold the floor at 24,650. If they break it, we've got a stair step, but because we know this is such an important edge, they could easily recover it. So if they break and then easily recover, the buy stop would send us up into the range at which point we have to break this edge or we need to get out of the trade. You'd have to stair step that if you were really working on that event. So let's uh clone it up to the top. See what the recovery looks like. Doesn't quite as clean above as below. the rhythms change. They don't change like that dramatically um in a lot of places. So, let's just look at the 1 hour. I know I'm spending a lot of time here, but structure is very important to see if we're going to make a floor or rotate downward. First 30-minut candlestick is very tight. I I am saying this is another event another morning that requires the 1 hour formation. So if we look at the 30 minute and we walk it down, it's almost right. We're right there on the edges. So this number right here that we've got an alert key zone to watch. Key zone to watch on the 30-inut for the hourly formation. This would give us a 50% general range. Same thing. Something to be careful about. The break and continuation above 24,874 could send us to 24,940, but there is a ton of supply up here. We need to watch for that. Let's take a look at the 4our chart. You can see tech is also getting repriced, but we're still in a range. We're still in a range and that is very important for us to remember. As a matter of fact, this inventory box looks a lot better on the 4our here. old resistance the breakdown like a week ago was a bottoming formation and they got to hold this or we're retesting that base call 26,000 you know bounces or sell zones here but they are sitting at a floor let's just quickly look at the YM on the 4 are. Um, let's get this measured move here. Halfway to the box. Yeah, I would suspect, dear friends, that this is coming back in to 49,000. though we've got a pretty hard bounce here at 49,300. So that's a little more than 50% of this box. So let's let's clone this and see how it how our measure did on the top almost to the tick. So we know we are collecting the right inventory events. All right, that makes sense. Watch for these edges to hold. Watch for them to hold. Okay, if they move up, we've got the VWAP, point of control, all of those sitting right around this noise. We could have a very choppy day, but it is a Friday. We do tend to bounce. See what's going on. All right, let's look at our liquidity buddy known as Bitcoin to us. Momentum is trying to lift 4hour formation showing what? Here's our range peak to trough. This was an exhaustion event. Look at the volume on that exhaustion candlestick. Absolutely incredible. Incredible. All right. Um yeah, that's still stuck in the mod. Still the same levels. 66 and 68 and 70. It made a lower low last night and a lower high in the pre-market. So far gets above 68, you've got traction. All right, let's take a look at oil 4hour chart. Wow, this is a pretty interesting bounce point. 62 bucks. Now you know they really want this to come down. Value area high, value area low. It's still sitting in that range between $60 and $65.50. Trend clearly up. We got a trend break generally speaking. I mean, we just sort of look at that. So, what are we staring down? Extremely heavy congestion. Let's put all of these guys in a box together. That looks like about the right box. I don't know. Maybe we take it to the top of that wick. Looks like that box. Let's That's a That's a messy box. I'm not sure I have the inventory right. It's close, but this is very important. So, it needs its own accumulation event. We got to hold 62. We don't hold 62, there's more downside without a doubt. Well, it's never without a doubt. It's we could recover it. It loses 62. We come down into the bottom at this 6130 and we recover it. That's the above below. That's really what I mean. Above 62, the buyers are going to try to get traction again. Below 62, we got problems, right? We got some significant problems because this is our next region of noise. That's that is very very troubling. I mean in terms of price action holding. Let's uh let's go to gold. Gold had such a savage move yesterday. I mean it fell right through the floorboards. And so let's take a look at the lines that we've been drawing. I said was the baseline support and it held very nicely. That's a recovery zone. We're still well inside area high low on the 4hour chart. Let's get to the 30 minute and see what's been going on in the overnight. Supply above us. Inventory is long. making lower highs. Well, of course, this is going to be a break of some kind because it can't sit in there forever. It's going to have to break out. So, what's the trade? Well, let's see. Here is our 30 minute. I got to make this VWAP smaller. Get this over here. Bugs me. So if we see that Whoa, that is a big candle. We've got a bottoming formation 498. We talked about this number. I said, "Hey, we got the big fat round number. Tons of supply underneath." So we literally could could chop in this $250 range for months until the bigger moving averages come to collect us. Could we fall? Absolutely. But that is the new line in the sand. 4,900. Put wall 4700. Call wall 5200. So very far away. Um 5070. Let's remove this and let's no is good. Let's use Okay. So this is the VWAP and this is the point of control well above us. VWAP 5,040 point of control 585. What what does this look like? Right? That looks like a a bare flag if we look at trend but it is holding this range. What can we see? I don't know. I think we really start chopping around in here. Lot of inventory trying to build a base and they're just It's so savage. This is our big inventory box. Inside of it is our 30 minute candlestick. If we clone it up, we can see it's one one. So, let's clone it up. That's a good That's a good box. Let's clone it up again. See if we recover. That gives us a target of We got to remove that alert and reset it. That gives us a target of $5,060. Let's go below. I'm not really sure we get below, but these are good measures. So, we'll watch them for the day. Right into the demand zone. And that number is 40 4860. Let's finally go to spy as I end my feature film here. Good grief. Okay, so Oh, this is interesting. Take a look at this. Let's remove all of these annotations. Point of control 692, VWAP 690, value area high 696, call wall 700, value area low 688. Look at how clean. Up, down, up, down. That's how we build inventory, right? We look for the down, we look for the up, we look for the down, we look for the up. That gives us our box. Let's replicate it. right there. Bottom of the box, right into demand. This a lot of these formations look like we're setting up for buy. It's Friday. Things normally happen. Could it happen? Yeah, it could. If it doesn't, they've spent a lot of time here doing this. the break could be pretty rough. All right, so watch watch for that. Watch watch watch out for that. That's that's really important. Okay. Yeah, that being said, that's what we got going on there. Support 678, foot wall 674, big gap. So there's hardly any inventory sitting between $677 and $673. So we could have ourselves a little bit of a gap reaction there, but they are definitely trying to lift. Lot of noise though and still making lower highs and lower lows. So that is not structure that says it's going to break easily, break out, pull back, move forward. Okay. Do we have any numbers today?
