VIDEO 069: https://youtu.be/1iuF9CNZezE

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the 12th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. My name is Amarie Band and we are looking at charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by MenthQ. So what are we staring down today as we as we look at the futures? We begin with the Ein S&amp;P. We can see that we're caught in this fairly big pocket of noise. Notice that the steep dip yesterday came into the demand zone that the chart has scheduled here. If you're looking at this um formation, you can look for supply demand in trendpider and they will give you these very useful levels to watch intraday. Incredibly important. What's important to view is that we are definitely building demand pressure underneath here. Higher lows, not breaking out above the highs. If and when we do, we're going to have fairly solid motion to the upside. So what's the story board? Where's our above below as it were? Today we have inventory that is very long in the overnight. Very long. So let's take a look at the first 30 minutes of the trading day. It could be that we might need to look at the first hour based on the reflexivity here. Uh let's let's adapt and use the first hour today. Why the savage buying under the demand zone makes me think it's an important level. We can also go back in time and see a very clean line in the sand round at about 6950. It's a very good line. a lot of uh inventory built there during the day and we held really well. So that's going to be the floor that the buyers are going to be willing to still move through if we happen to collapse lower. All right. So where should we stare down today? My suspicion is that the region right around the VWAP and where the standard VWAP on the day is sitting and that number is 6974. That is our above below in my mind. That's our above below. we get below that, sellers are going to become much more inclined to move out of the way and let it drift into our other area, which is 6951. That gives us about 25 points or so, 20 points or so to trade. Now, value area high 69.96. I have a sneaky feeling that this is going to move higher. So, where should we look at the upper edges? 76 all the way to 7,022. I had that measure yesterday. But if we use the 1 hour event and to save time, I use Fibonacci instead of duplicating. We're going to see that doesn't do it very easily, does it? It makes it all kinds of ugly. No, I mean, it it works. It's fine. Let's clone the rectangle up. Oh, for Pete's sake. All right, let's uh roll that up. We can see we're right on the edge of that space and now finally breaking out. If we close a candlestick above here, lot of sellers have been coming in wicking the top of this area at 69.87. Looks like the break of the point of control at 69.89 is going to give us a push to the upside and I suspect it's going to be caused by shorts having to cover. So we need to watch that for sure. upward edges uh again 76 722 lower edges floor of support 6974 it could get very squishy and noisy until something like that and then finally 6951 if perhaps we're looking at downward flow Let's reverse this. Let's remove it. And then let's reverse it. Use the hour. It'll give us what a knucklehead hour. Let me move this. Yeah, look at that measured move, friends. right there at the top. Cali, I absolutely love measured moves. Now, you might go, Emry, how did you know instead of making it 30 minutes, how'd you know to make it an hour? Well, that's the squishy part of being in in the business, right? You see all the supply, excuse me, you see all the demand here. You see the wick buying and you see all the wicks to the left. It just seems relevant. And so the best thing to do is take a look at the entire area, assume it's inventory accumulation and then you know run for the fences. But that is definitely what we are staring down. That is just fantastic. Man, do I love trading. It's so fabulous. Okay, let's go to the NQ. I took a long time doing that. Good grief. Let's go a little faster here. The above below for the NQ yesterday worked in both directions. Above it ran for the hills right into supply. Below it ran for the floorboards. No demand structure down here. Only old support. This is important. Although it feels like the ENQ is getting its legs back. It looks like it's recovering pretty nicely. I still like this area as the line in a sand for above and below. It's very very good. So that number at 25,294ish is going to be that line in the sand for us. Let's do the measured move again into demand first hour. Looks like it's holding. Oh, come on. Literally the only thing I wish we could change in Trendpider is how these boxes snap to grid. I would like for them not to snap to grid with such intensity. Okay, so we haven't got the one to one structure here, but we're close. We're close. So, what are we staring down? We're right in the middle of value area high low just like the ES. We are below the call wall just like the ES call wall and put wall from the ES. Same as yesterday call and put wall in the NQ little bit different. Uh no they are the same. Sorry. 25,000 for the put wall and 25,400 for the call wall, which actually is inside of value area high. I would not at all be surprised if we had an upside cloning event into the supply zones, which also has a gamma line at 25,500, which used to be an old call 25,475 or so. Yes, used to be a coal wall. So that's pretty important for us to note. Trend underneath is up. Momentum is up. Price action. Price action looks up. Looks up. All right. So that's what we're staring down. Above below 25,294 targets above 25,420 to 25,475. Another high floating up here is potentially 25,600. Now, I don't know what would push us higher, but here's the thing. We're getting bad news all over the place, and price action is really not moving down. We got the note yesterday about NFP, which was a great number, but then they went, "Uhoh, that means we don't get a rate cut." And you know, a lot of we've got a lot of um what's the word? Uh malinvestments floating around that just need to die and we're I don't know what's happened to us. We've gone all soft and we're like no, we got to save them. That's not what the market is about. But never mind. I won't go there. Moving on. That's what we're looking at for the ENQ. Let's go to micro Bitcoin. I I would suspect if I were a betting man, I would suspect that if this rally actually has legs, Bitcoin is going to turn around. If it does not have legs, Bitcoin is not going to turn around. What do we have so far? The first break in the trend line in 1 2 3. Today's the fourth day. What does that mean? Could be a buy zone. Could definitely be buy zone. Value area low 66,700. I believe that that is our above below line today for dividing buyers and sellers. It appears that they are trying to create a bottom here. And so this to me looks like the potential for a move up into this zone at 68,000. We want it to break through and close above it. That's what this uh anchor event means. If it gets above there, you could, you know, buy the breakout, just really run it into resistance, let it come back, buy the breakout again, just move yourself up through the chains. All right. You're going to have to be very tactical in here. value area high 70,000ish and a ton of supply to work through. The longer we stay down here, the more nervous the folks that bought up here above 69,000 are going to get. But big demand structures building at 65,000 and then a bigger one at 64,000 below. Well, not bigger, but another one sitting there below supply all the way up to 70,000. So, it's going to be a little bit of a rock fight up there. And so, yeah, we'll see what happens, but it's showing signs of life for sure. Let's take a look at oil. All right. So my suspicion yesterday was that the the above below for buyers and sellers or the breakout area, excuse me, for the buyers and sellers were this 6460. Look at the rocket ship motion here. Absolutely incredible. Now that looks newsy, but if you stare it down, the whole chart's been doing that. Notice savage upside pulls back gives most of it back. Savage upside gives most of it back. Savage upside gives most of it back. So, what are we thinking? Yeah, it's a savage upside that's going to give most of it back and try to move in um an upward flow. So, where's the line of sand? It looks like the VWAP, right? Take a look at this. Nice. looks like above below. Look at the inventory accumulation. It's very wide, very wide inventory accumulation box. And then it drops right out of it and collapses down. And now it's sitting inside of this inventory box. Notice the breakaway formation up here. Almost got to the top, but not quite. So that measure was not solid. Oh, for goodness sakes. It may have been instead of using value area high, value area low, that we needed to use the box that it was actually sitting in. And if we did that, then that gives us our one to one. Notice sometimes you're just going to draw the box wrong. But if you see those edges and you see the breakout, it's well defined. It's absolutely well defined. So where would we go? 50% of the box. Let's let's see. 50% of our accumulation space gives us a halfway point where we're dancing around right now. 6430 or so. That's very close to the VWAP and the point of control. So $64.30 looks to be the I'm going to say it's $64 and even right 64 bucks right on the nose there. just a little bit above it. That's the above below today. If we hold $64.18, we are going to move back up to $64.65 and beyond. Otherwise, we're going to come in to the demand zones down here. And that's $63.64. That's our old breakout level if you recall. So, that will be pretty interesting. deep area below $63.20. Have we broken the bottom of this? Well, we have kind of, right? If we adjust that to carry as many edges as we can, we clearly have broken below it. Supply above us. Very big supply event. Very big. I suspect they try to drop into the demand areas of around that 6360 $6360. Let's take a look at gold. All right. So, gold is strong but still a bit rangebound and it's falling out of its pocket. So, let's remove all the annotations so we can see it cleanly. Where's our breakout level? The big box of accumulation has been right around It's been a mess is what it's been. Let's go backwards here. Yeah. So, if I move it down, we stare this edge through. That is really what we're staring down. So, let's duplicate this. Yeah, it breaks it by just a hair and then comes back in. But we know this is what the metals do. They break out, bring everybody with them, and then collapse. So, what's the big story here today? We are testing the 30 minute low of the opening range. We can see that there's a big box inside of these boxes. See if I can lock that one. But let's draw the next one inside of it. This area right here. Let's move it up and then move this down. This area right around the zone $5,62 looks like a good floor. That's the above below in my mind. Below that sellers are going to get a lot more frisky and the next target is $5,00011. $5,000. $5,11, excuse me, 11. What's wrong with me? Okay, next. If we break to the north, 5,130 is the potential target. What's the trade action? Dips or buys into resistance, bounces or sells into support. There's really very weak trend here. very weak trend. The trend is still there though. No doubt about it. The trend is still there. So if you want to try the breakout ledge above the value area high at 5,100, it's not not bad. Just want to be careful. Okay? Just just be careful. You know how it breaks out and then tends to collapse? That's just important. All right. Let's take a look at spy and let us remove all our lovely drawings, shall we? What are we staring down? Prior highs over here. Big CPI motion. Very tight structure. This should give us some sort of trade break. So below $693 easily we could have $691.50. Where is the above below here? It's a bit sticky. Why? Because we're building inventory. with a fair bit of strength right up there. And so we broke it by a hair but could not hold it. Then down here we broke this one pretty well into this accumulation zone. So if I clone that and I move this over here. Yeah, that's about right. You can see it's sort of holding structure. So my thought is we have dip by and a potential move of pressure to the upside above 695. Above 695 things are going to start to rumble. Put wall 700, excuse me, call wall 700, put wall 685. Prices are coiling. They feel like they're getting ready to break. The undercurrents of the option chains are bullish and price action is really essentially pulling that through. So, we shall see. I did not do the flows for uh S&amp;P yet. Let's see if we can get those end of day spx. Let's see what the flows look like. We move, we flip back to positive gamma and huh, this is an unwind of positive positions because the positive position is huge. The unwind of positive positions, they're just rolling it off, taking taking profit. So, that's that's what we're seeing there. All right, everybody, take care. I'll see you on the streams.
