VIDEO 073: https://youtu.be/zbMFGCOJGB4

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Friday, February the 6th. My name is Amarie Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. I start on the ES here, the E- Mini S&amp;P first because what I want to show you, if you stare down the Twitter feed and that noisiness there, people are losing their minds. And so, let's have a peek. See this move? Monstrous upside move. The only way a market can regulate is by working off overbought positions. And the way it works off overbought positions is in a mechanic like this. So big things first. Call still at 7,050. Put wall still at 6600. We've talked about this for a couple of weeks. This uh pesky football down here says that they are hedging for downside drift and an unwind. Yesterday we had broad downside participation into the overnight globeex. We had a gap down but have a look at what happened. What are we going to go to our first 30 minute candlestick? Last time I did something said why do you use 30 minutes? because it works for me. If you look at this and you go, you know what, based on the way I like to interact with the market, I'm going to use 15 minutes. Heck, you could use five minutes if you want. You can use an hour if you want. You can do anything you absolutely want. The goal is when you position yourself to engage in market structure so that you can leave with a positive impact to your account, you must have a strategy that's in place that has strong edges that will give you a very defined risk and allow you to walk into your profit space. Speaking of which, this is what this has actually done. Notice it. We had inventory accumulation, old resistance all the way from back here. That's support that became resistance. That resistance held. Forgive me for my froggy voice. You know, I'm battling something. All right. So, that number 6870, we know this region 6870 6875. This is where we're going to put our alert sitting right in this space. We want to see if it breaks through above that 6875 6880. We're going to be able to move back into the point of control which is about 6916. This area, look at how long it spent here. So, here's what this means. Everybody said we got to hold this edge. [clears throat] Excuse me. We have to hold this edge. And so when you don't when you spend hours and hours and hours and I talked about this also. Let's say you're thinking about a long and you see it here and you go, "Okay, I'm going to pick the bottom here, but it spends hours and hours and hours trying to hold a level just above where you think the long is. Pull that trade. it is very likely not to work because what's actually happening is a fight that says we must hold this as a floor. It's a higher floor. If it gets broken, I'm going to continue to the downside. So, let's take a look at what's going on here. Inventory accumulation. Same story board, folks. I don't want to sound like a broken record, but literally if you can get your mind around this one thing that we collect inventory in order to sell it or we collect inventory in order to buy it. That's it. That's all the market's doing. Moving to and flow in the indices. And listen, you might go, "But don't earnings matter? Don't Yeah, they do. but they're going to show themselves out in terms of what they decided in the chart. So, just look for what they're doing. Here we go. 30 minutes. First 30 minutes breaks and holds. That's now the floor. If it breaks and holds, it is going to go more than likely to old support. That is new resistance. And that usually coincides with somewhere around that 30 minute high. So, here's what happens next time. It goes from the bottom to the top. If it holds like this, remember, if you're thinking the floor is here and you try to go long and it breaks, that's going to be a short. So, you want to keep your stop very tight. If you're thinking you're going to do that, even though I said, "Hey, don't do that." So, here you are looking at this edge. What does it do? It goes from the base of accumulation to the top of accumulation, breaks out and then returns. Do we expect it to break out most of the time and return? Yes. Why? Because trend is down. When trend is down, breakouts are likely to fail. Now, if it pulls into a higher low, we got something else going on. You can look at your 50 50% range. That's perfectly acceptable. You can look at the top of the range. You can look at the close of that 30-inut candlestick. Whatever it is, old resistance, new support, holding the VWAP, you've got yourself a bounce into what? Prior resistance. Now, in hindsight, we can see, wow, it moves all the way ahead. But your thought as a trader, we have no idea this is going to happen. Your thought as a trader is this VWAP better defend or my goose is cooked for long without more risk that takes me to the bottom of the box. That's it. If it comes in, if you get up here and you go, you know what? I'm getting out. But your VWAP continues to hold and you've got old support that became resistance that gave you a higher low. That's an if and then when it pulls back you get yourself long. You can go up over the box. You can also do a buy stop up above the high of this double topping event. Takes you long. Where do we go to? Prior resistance, prior supply. Looks very good. What's going on here? Well, here everybody got too short and now they got to unwind. How far are they going to unwind? My guess is right here. 6880 is going to be that tell. If we get above it, we're going to look for a look above that pulls back, gives us a higher low. You can anchor a VWAP right here. Gives us a higher low. That's the anchored VWAP from yesterday. And that gives us the next long back up into 6914. If per happen stance, we come back here and it loses the level and then bounces but cannot recapture this high, we've got ourselves more downward flow into the value area low 6830 and then the top of the 30 minute formation 6,800 and then below. That's all that's happening here. This is inventory correction from traders getting too short and having to cover reflexive bouncing. Let's look at the ENQ. Now, remember, if you're thinking to yourself, I bumped into someone the other day that said, "I desperately need an NQ group." Listen, prices all behave the same. It's not like, you know, I'm going to bring out my Star Trek nerdiness. It's not like fangis are working with the NQ and humans are working on the ES human emotion drives the market when we particularly when we get ahead of ourselves like this. Now you might go well Amry you've been talking about principles over emotions. What do you mean emotions drive the mark? Yeah, your emotions shouldn't drive the market, but you can see everybody else's emotions driving the market. These guys too short. They've come too short. Look, they hit the put wall, folks. 24,500 in the NQ. Let's look at that 30 minute formation. Here's our 30-inut candlestick. One of my machines has got a fan going bad, driving me insane. I'm sure you guys can hear it in the background. It's so annoying. Okay, so here's the 30 minute. What happens? Same sort of thing. Loses the 30-inut low, bounces. Remember, we're looking for an if then short. So, here's the fade. Bounces here and then holds the level. Now, if you're looking at this on a two-minute chart or a one minute chart, this is going to be a really pretty trade, very nice. But if you're looking at on 30-inut chart for future motion, what it's telling you is I looked I looked below and I failed. And that look below and fail great long to the top of the inventory box, which is the first 30 minutes of trading. Notice where is it most likely to go? old support goes right into the old support edge. You might be saying to yourself, "Oh, maybe I'll take a short." Yes, that works. If it comes into a higher low and your VWAP starts proving itself out of support, it's going to be a look below and fail and then another look below and fail. And that gives you your long right into inventory accumulation. And then you know Bob's your uncle. Truly simple formation. People are overly short. They're unwinding their inventory from yesterday. Now here's the thing. Let's say you only traded last night. How much inventory do you have if you're collecting on the way up? And in what direction is it sitting? It's all long. So what's going to have to happen there? Let's say you're only an overnight trader. What are you going to do? You're going to unwind your inventory. Why? Uh because you want to keep the profit that you got from down here. So, you're going to unwind your inventory. What does that show up as? Well, it shows up as new people trying to short here and all the long people unwinding their shorts into where frontline support. Could it be a higher low? 24,650. Yes. Could it be the value area low at 24,550? Yeah, that's the one I'm going to put up. Your thought should be at all times, what's happening with near-term inventory? Am I losing my floor of support? What is the overall trend? And then go from there. Don't get overly crazy with all kinds of rules. Just look for where the buying and selling stops and continues. That's all there is to the market. Do not over complicate your trading life. It is simply not worth it. All right, let's go to Bitcoin. How many of you know that I was short Bitcoin, but now I'm flat. Um, I do believe there's going to be a gigantic war between 60 and 68. We bounced [snorts] right off 60. What a magnificent support floor. It also shows up as the daily min on menth. The put wall is above the call wall. Remember these? Remember when this kind of crazy happens? That means the option traders are off sides. They are absolutely off sides. Only one of them can win right now. It's the call sellers, put sellers, they are in a heap of trouble. What is overnight inventory doing? It's long, but potentially working to correct itself. As I mentioned, I believe this zone here is going to be very sideways, very choppy. I do not see mass acceleration to the upside. That being said, ladies and gentlemen, if perhaps this floor of support that is now resistance breaks, you can easily do a buy stop at 67,000. If you can handle the risk that's $3,000 wide, you know, micro Bitcoin is not so bad. You might be able to do that. But I would say, hey, let it break through. If you're going to scalp it, you can chase it out. But the better bet is to see what it's been doing every time. And that is bounce, fade, bounce, fade, bounce, fade. These are people trying to get out of the longs that they put in here that made them go, "Oh my gosh, this is the bottom." So, this is not good structure. It is still got downward flow bottoming formations here. I heard some of us say, you know, I can't handle heat. I'm getting out. It's usually when, you know, the buying starts and you're overleveraged. But it is what it is, folks. Learning about how you behave under pressure is a very important thing that you can learn in the market. Let's go to the oil the oil futures. As mentioned, if we take a look at oil, uh it's going to go higher over time. Doesn't mean it's not going to have broad. Yesterday we had broad market participation and selloff. Everybody sold. Everybody sold everything. Rotating it into the next bit. It was a very frantic style day. Oil was part of that. What's happening here? Uh this is a potential bounce zone. $62.67. We are moving higher. Got a lot of noise. We could be building a brand new inventory event, but as long as we hold the floor sitting around the 6265, we're in great shape. Call wall all the way up at 65. ZeroDT put wall at 6150. I I suspect this has to do with everybody being in backwardation. The port wall is very low. It's at 58 which is a dramatic collapse. My suspicion is they are completely offsides with this easily. They could run it up but people are nervous. The market is is nervous because we don't we're not used to seeing things move sharply down and not immediately recovering and go to the new high. So everybody's flipped out and everybody's run to these leveraged ETFs. 3x Tesla, 2x Nvidia, what whatever they're going to shred you. Leverage is going to hurt you when you least expect it. So when markets start going sideways and you lose a floor of support in your leverage ETFs, you need to get out of it. Now, I don't know how many of us in here actually play around with leverage ETFs, but trust me, they are a dumpster fire. And the only people who make money off of those consistently are the ones who know how to scout the price action and have not said, "Hey, I'm going to hold this for long." And the companies that deliver it as a product. That being said, here we have oil 6364 midline of the inventory. I would not be surprised to see a dip be a buy zone. That being said, if it loses this edge here underneath $62.65, $62 is next and then they'll try another bounce. I do not believe energy is going to hold itself lower. I do not believe that. All right, let's take a look at silver. Everybody's upset because um requirements in silver have shifted. I don't even remember what contract I'm using here. This one. Yeah. Uh for those of us that are in prop firms, I don't want to be harsh, but this is going to come off as harsh. Risk is something that is potentially a figment of of whatever it is that you have in your mind of what risk really is. And if a prop firm that's agreeing to pay you out if you make money has to protect itself, hedges are going to be important and limiting how you trade. Remember, they're giving you money for free if you pass the combines and move into an XFA into a paid account. They get to decide the rules, okay? Because they're running a business. Stop complaining. It's just not a good look. Here we go. Silver uh limitations. You can only trade one of these, I think, or two of them, depending on what size of your account, but it's looking like it's developing a little bit more structure, but it's still pretty thin, folks. It's still thin. Now, what they're doing is trying to base here at 70. Looking at the chains, people are piling into calls down here. So, they are thinking, listen, this is a dip by. It might be folks. But here's the problem. If calls come in and come in and come in and traders are forced, the other side, the market makers are forced to buy the instrument, we could have another lever up and then a lever down. See how this moved up off of this floor and then collapsed, made a lower low. Now holding here, what you want to see for stability is a wide sideways motion for silver. After that holds, then you've got the potential to say, wait a second, upside going to give me buying pressure, downside going to give me selling pressure. Remember, spot running right around 60. And they can still, although they're not doing it efficiently at this juncture, they can still pull silver out of the ground for less than $25 an ounce, which means the miners are going to be in good shape. Just a side note, let's take a look at the gold futures. Wow, I've talked about all kinds of things that I really should just leave alone. Okay, put wall 4660. came right into it last night. 30 minutes opening formation unwind of shorts, higher low. What do we expect price action to do? Sit sideways. Old support, new resistance. Tons of supply up here. 5,000 value area high. Also a max gamma line. Could we move to the top? Absolutely. Absolutely. Are we going to run up the the rails? No, we are not. We are going to sit in this range. Very likely, we are going to sit in this range and build a new framework. This reflexive bounce came in and gave us a higher low. And so, as it sits, we've got ourselves another higher low. That's what we want to look for. Low. Higher low, higher high, higher low, sideways formation. Now, if you're saying to yourself, well, wait, higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high. Shouldn't I have another higher high? Yes, that's coming. I don't think it's now. But today, easily, we can see the traders coming into the resistance area, trying to break out, pulling back, coming to a higher support zone, and then moving out. This is the only place I would not do a stop by unless you were scalping because these charts have a tendency to break a ledge and then completely collapse under it. The metals that is okay high edge 5,49490 or so. Low edge of support today 4825. That's my suspicion. Below it we hit the put wall again. Let's look at spy finally. Oh my. Let's delete some of this garbage. What are we staring at? Sideways formation. What do we do yesterday? We fell out of value area. We lost the value area low. What are we trying to do? Recover value area low. Especially after that 4 am candlestick bounce which is what we are staring down right now. So for spy what are we looking for a hold of 480 excuse me 680 675 is the put wall. We fell below it yesterday immediately recovered. What is this? A look below and fail. What do we do when we have a look below and fail? We move from one edge of the inventory box to the other. Well, that's where we are potentially right now. Where do we have more buying that might engage above 684? As long as we don't move above 684, we're going to sit down in this mighty chop zone. This is the new inventory zone that we're sitting in. And so, could you take a short right here? Yes. Would you be moving counter trend in the near term? Yes. However, if you keep your stop tight, the fade might be a good trade into sport. Look for where the inventory accumulated. How about the open of that 4 a.m. candlestick that 677? I'd watch for that. Could they fill the gap? Remember, there's a whole group of traders. All they do is work on the gap fill event. Here's the gap. Could they fill it? Absolutely. Line in the sand. Top of the gap here. And that is 677. Okay, don't fret folks. Markets do this sort of thing. Call 700. This looks very different to the futures chart in terms of where the gamma flows are. Very different. They are using the futures market to hedge aggressively. That's not happening in SPY. SPY is still sitting in this space of yeah, you know, we move in here, we move back up into the space. All right. Be careful. Today, Friday's Capital Preservation Day. We want to be careful about that. If you've had a green week, don't turn it into a red one. All right, take care everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
