VIDEO 074: https://youtu.be/ya8VBhgE8m4

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Bye everyone. Today is Thursday, February the 5th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. charts by Trendpider and gamma flows by meth. Let's take a look at the E- mini S&amp;P as we begin very often every morning and let's go to the daily chart. We can see an expanding range with buyers deep below and [snorts] sellers above. What we have is a compacting formation that really sits between value area low, which is now somewhere around 6860. That's probably going to be a relative buy zone. If we lose 6860 this morning, when we recover it, it should give us this kind of wick action. If we don't recover above the zerod football, which is 6,900, we're going to have a problem. Now, notice what's been happening. This is why I think we're going to break down. We came into 6900, bounced very nicely. The following day, we held that region and extended up into the top of the range near 690. The day after that, we opened up, really moved down, broke that 6,900, made a new low for, I don't know, looks like maybe a twoe low, and then buyers come back in and hold it. We lose 6,900 again, buyers come back in and hold it. Yesterday, we lost that 6,900. Buyers came back to hold it. But notice lower closes. Here is a close. Here's another close. Here's another close lower. This one, one reflexive bounce into a lower high. This one closes lower. This one closes lower. This is weakness building in the chart. What is my suspicion? This is potentially what we are going to see. Now, are dips still buy zones? Absolutely. Have a look trend line formations pointing into this deeper edge as it comes into this zone. Put wall still below at 6600. Remember, big money is hedging. They're still going after their returns on the equities, but hedging in each of these indices that we look at. So, what's our downside pressure event? Let's go to our 30 minute chart and see what we're staring down right now. We've got a pretty good fade. Here is our 30 minute opening candle formation. We bounced above it and then returned came up into some supply. That is a level that we have used as an alert. We're going to keep it as an alert because it's going to matter above 6931. Price action is going to be a little bit more bullish to the upside. Try to get through this supply formation. As it sits this morning, inventory was a bit sideways. Now it is short because this is the open and we are well below the open. So, we are expanding down on the 30-inut chart. Lots of supply sitting in these regions with a front line of support at 6875. We lose that zone 6830. Next line in the sand. this breakthrough area which is a gamma flow event. I'm going to remove but we're going to keep this 69. You know what? Let's remove this one. It's not 6916 because we've hit it so many times. That area is um it's a little messy. So, we want to see it get up and over the zone. I think that's 6921. I like that area. 6921 gives us potentially 10 points to the upside at 6931 to 6934. Below it, we stay short right in the middle. We are still in inventory accumulation. So the dip here easily a buy zone at the very first pass into 6860. We want to watch it get up over 6875. If it cannot, we've got downward flow. All right, that's what we're staring down there. Let's take a look at the NQ. We spoke yesterday or the day before yesterday about the relative weakness of this chart. Um, I mean, relative to the ES and the YM, it's much weaker. The formations are similar. Notice if we go to the daily chart, have a look at the actual inventory accumulation events. We're going to say they start right about here. I think they maybe go to here. So this zone at 24,925 kind of a key line in the sand. The text pops it up as 24,887. I can't actually put an alert there because it'll go off very likely immediately. But what we want to see is what happens on the downdraft here. This is almost halfway. Actually, it might actually be halfway. So, let me measure this. Yeah, it's right at the halfway spot. So, 24,115 is fairly likely about where this is going to run, at least into this frontline support. Are buyers going to try and hold it at the current level of 24,887? Yes, they are. Let's go to the 30-inut. See if we can see evidence of that. So, here's our 30inut chart. Let's put a box around our 30 minute opening range. And then let's also look at the midnight candlestick. We know how important that candlestick is. So, we're going to do the midnight to 1:00 a.m. candle formation. And that's where that sits. Interestingly, it looks like it's almost the same size of the opening 30-inut candlestick. So, the reliability of this indicator on a Thursday is not as solid as other days, but we're just going to observe it. What do we have going on? Trend down. Trend up. That looks a bit broken on the 30 minute, but remember I said, "Hey, they're going to try and buy it here. Look what's happening." How do we know they're going to try and buy it here? Because they bought it the last time. And as I've told you many times, we traders who trade for a living, who trade to eat, we are simpleans. We will simply look to the left and go, let's give it a go. What we do is manage the risk of being wrong. So we are able to recalibrate and get back into the trade. Where is the first likely test of this bounce? base of congestion, low of the midnight candlestick formation, and that looks like 24,950. We can put an alert there if you like. If it heads up and over, very nice. It's going to be able to walk through these edges and move back into the anchor VWAP. If not, if it bounces and fails, which I actually think that it will, if it bounces and fails, we head to the bottom of the box. Yesterday gave us a new low in the NQ. That's 24,783. Obviously, we're not seeing that sort of thing in the ES put wall 24,500. That's where that put wall is sitting. How far back do we have to go? Holy smokes. Let's try the 4 hour. We have to go all the way back to here, which very interestingly gives us a relative area of sport floor. If per happen stance, we do not recover off of 24,783. 24,650 is our next line in the sand. What happens if we go up, Emory? What about up? Listen, it could happen. A lot of things are really oversold. Software very oversold. Uh semis very oversold. Value area low 25,150. So, if we get above 25,150 or so, what we want to do is have it uh move up, pull back, give us a higher low, and we can walk all the way back into I'd say 25,300. Mechanically, that's the flow that we're staring down. Now remember, if selling becomes aggressive and the dome thins out, meaning there not a lot of orders in the book, the floors are not going to hold. They are going to collapse. So, make sure you hold your stop tight if you're trying to buy a dip. My thought is, you know, it's it seems that it's much better to sell a bounce than to try to buy a dip today. Let's take a look at the YM. Look at how different it looks. Here's the low from yesterday. Holding market ranges. To me, this is rotation. They're moving out of one into this. They're leaving tech alone a little bit and going to places that feel quotations feel safer. So that's what we're staring down. Is it still a sloppy mess? You bet you. I mean, have a look. We're still fading off that edge. Dips or buys? I would suspect if it fails 49,300 and it recaptures 49,300, you can use your value area low at 49,277 to take the trade. Let's look at RTY. looks a lot like the YM. And again, this I suspect it's because of rotation. I do expect it rotation. It's a little bit weaker. No doubt about it. It's still weaker than the YM, but from a trend perspective, it's still in some sort of wedge. We've got a range break here. value area low and the zero DTE put wall at 26,025. Now technically speaking underneath this that level is a short. So what they're doing is trying to find support at which point they're going to bounce. So where might that be? could be as early as or it could be all the way down at 2600. Don't get in front of this if you're not I mean why buy if it's moving straight down. Okay, that's that doesn't make any sense at all. Let's go to micro bitcoin continuing lower now 69. Listen, this chart is in freef fall. I don't I mean I don't want to say I told you so, but you know we know that this has had a rotation. And remember I said they tried with all their might to hold 90,000 and when they couldn't it's become a watershed. So if we want to do some sort of measured analysis we can look at the regions where they try desperately to hold it. This is our 50% range with 90,000 right in the middle. Here's our This is the put wall 76. We're probably going to see that put rolled down. Now, if you listen to group coaching with uh Deanna and uh Gabe and me together, you'll remember Diana saying something about negative gamma being an accelerant when we come into our gamma walls. And we can see that happening exactly here. This is in negative gamma flow. Very obvious. And so that is creating an accelerant because if they've sold the puts, they're going to have to sell the instrument as well to keep themselves on the right track. Another do or die formation from inventory accumulation is around 66,000. I saw a report that said the long-term holds in Bitcoin are taking advantage of the short-term holds coming out and big Bitcoin holders are continuing to amass. And you know what this happens? The money from the patient to the impatient always flows back to the patient. Patient are always going to win this game. Now, if the impatient said, "Hey, I'm getting in and getting out." Then yes, great. But this is what's happening. And this rotation is pretty normal from this kind of instrument. Watch for the traders to try to hold a floor in the next 3 to $4,000 of range. If not, the next line to watch will be 60. So, that's what we're staring down right now in Bitcoin. Let's go to oil. Oil continues to uh have a jagged rally event. We talked about this a little bit because of uh geopolitical risk. We've got pretty ugly patterns here. And because price action is still in backwardation, meaning the forward contracts are still cheaper, that's unwinding. And price action is going to lift. Now, here's the problem. This is going to be great for energy. It's going to be very g at the pump, but also going to be really bad for inflation. So, this is so messy. Absolutely as messy as could be. Let's see what we can have on the day. Notice broad distribution on every chart that we've watched. Every single one of them is trending down this morning. So that's everybody is doing the same thing. They are lightening up how much they're holding. That's also very important. Everybody is trimming their sales right now. What does that mean? Probably bearish action through the course of the day. Where's the first line in the sand for oil? $6360. That's our first test. very likely to barrel right through it. It's inside of value area high. Value area high is $64. Value area low $6160. Midpoint. Well, the VWAP is actually $63. I would not be surprised if we moved into that ledge today. We've got a mixed bag of trend and strong geopolitical risk. So eventually this dip will be bought, but it truly is at the top of the value area. And so if it's caught in a sideways pressure event before the peanut butter hits the fan, then we'll come all the way right back down here into 61. Okay, let's take a look at gold. Oh, let's look at silver. Silver is starting to get a little bit more uh liquid from days past. See all these gaps? Weird gaps. Pre-market, not so bad. But look at what's happening. Look at our relative range. What are they trying to do? They're trying to consolidate at support. Where is that line? 73. We lose 73 after this consolidation. They're going to try and bounce it. If they lose it again, see, this is what they're going to try and do down here. If they lose it again, we head lower. We head lower. If we see them battle really hard in this area and cannot break above the pull wall, which is currently 81, we're very likely to head lower. And so 73 first test, 68 second test. And the measured move here suggests that our anchor point could be all the way down at 56. All right. So that's what we're staring down here in silver. Let's take a look at gold. We had a lot of alerts go off over the last couple of days. Look at how tight the call wall and the put walls are. Call wall 5,000 still. It's been there couple weeks. Put wall 4700. The b wall is moving up. What does trend tell us here? We're making lower highs and lower lows with the trend line looking fairly different. We have supply above us, 5,000 and above supply area. We've got a new area at $4,950. That looks like a place they really have been battling for a while. Looks like a fair bit of inventory accumulating in both of those edges. So, let's take a look at the downside pressure event and see what we see. Yeah. So, it's holding from a measured move perspective. It's come down into the bottom of this box. Now, it's trying to hold it. If they begin to collect inventory here and work and work and work and work and work at it, losing this edge means they head lower. The desperation attempt to hold price action in a place that fails after a series of lower highs suggests highly that we move into the put wall. And that is down here at 4700. Very interesting line in the sand. $4,822 support ledge. Watch them try to hold it. If it pulls back and it holds 4775, we should know that number. It is value area low. We've spent a lot of time there. Could easily get to that zone and then try to bounce again. The the chart is an absolute mess. It truly is. and it's because they're fighting to reclaim dominant price action to the north. Let's finally take a look at SPY. As I mentioned, broad sell-offs. Um, they tell us that the market is working in tandem. Everybody's doing the same thing, getting out of trades across all of these. I don't know if somebody is expecting news. Uh let's I don't know what the news events is saying but the put wall here in spy lot of supply down here a lot. We just fell out of the value area range and that's really where people have been collecting inventory over the several days. We literally just fell out of it and that number is $685. If we cannot get up over that edge, we've got more downside. Could we potentially test that edge? Abs. Absolutely. Absolutely we could test that edge, but my suspicion is the wick down and then uh a potential bounce. But the broad selling of all of the indices and ETFs tell me that there is a minor flight to safety, a risk off day potentially ahead. That being said, everyone that's short here is going to want to unwind. So, at some juncture, the market's going to stop going down. At this point, everybody's intended. And that means downside action. All right, that's it for me, folks. I'll see you on the streams. Take care.
