VIDEO 075: https://youtu.be/sqO_LZn824c

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, February the 4th, and this is Whoops. This is the money Paul morning report charts by trendpider and gamma flows by menthro cute. The chart looks a little noisy, doesn't it? So, let's let's remove the rectangles first of all and let's start taking a look at the E- mini S&amp;P. This is going to be a very quick um review. Just going to cover the E- mini S&amp;P this morning due to time constraints. So here we have chart that we need to look at from a daily perspective to realize that we are still tremendously landlocked. And notice the wicks. We've got literally five days of wicks. That downside pressure is completely reversed. Even though we are closing and holding and opening lower levels, we are bouncing. And so it still tells us that the broad market is unresolved. I was listening to a report yesterday that suggested that the reason that we moved into the sideways event the way we have is because the MAG 7 has stopped outperforming and moving the market up and so as the others are coming into the four or treading along it's moved us into a sideways patch. um listening to Jesse Felder also yesterday started talking a little bit about credit spreads looking um untidy and blue owl and black rockck marking down private equity in a very substantial way. So for some of us that's goggly gobbly goo but for others we know that's a little bit of a warning sign. So, we continue to tread sideways, but the state of the underlying part of the market from November does not look um any more favorable today. As a matter of fact, it looks less favorable in general. So, and here we are in November. We had ourselves a reflexive dip that was immediately bought. We could see the same sort of thing. All right. Now, what is telling me that we could see the same sort of thing? We have our put walls. All I can see here is the zero DTE put wall at 6,900. Uh here we are. This the 6600 is the long put wall for the month. So they are very hedged downside upside still 7050 7,050 and so sideways action is what we're going to see here until we start losing some important levels. I believe the first line in the sand for us to watch is that 6900. We came off of it yesterday and spent 90 minutes in the area before it was bought up. Now, if you saw me on trade with Topstep, that's exactly what I was surmising a couple of reasons. We just saw just how much they were fighting to keep above that 6,900. They shook out the weak hands. Luckily, I was not one of them. And the upside pressure event continued nicely into the afternoon, which was really bullish. Now in the overnight, here's our 30inut formation. We've really been sitting in there. Again, the premise is this. If we spend a lot of time building inventory in the overnight within a compact range, the break of that range could entirely be extreme. That's something like this. Now, the break could be up because we're caught sideways in this formation, or the break could be down. Just prepare for it. The line in the sand to watch is 6930. We lose 6930, we've got more downside pressure. Okay. On the upside, we're really caught between value area high, value area low. that is 6906 to 6986. Once the upward trend continues to move, you'll be in good shape. Remember, you can anchor your VWAPs at your recent highs and recent lows to tell you what the near-term traders are doing relative to the longerterm traders holding for the day. Supply sits above us at that 6975 and demand is well below us at 6875. All right, folks. Sorry about not going through a ton of things today. Got a lot going on. So, use this track all your instruments the same way. Make sure that you're looking at what overall trend is. We are trending up from the morning but caught in the range. So the breaks could be very hard in both directions within the broader picture. All right, take care everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
