VIDEO 076: https://youtu.be/LTbC6rrifDE

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Tuesday, February the 3rd, and this is the Moneyball morning report. charts by trendpider, gamma flows by menthq. I am going to close this long trade trigger. But if you do have trendpider and you do trade um this environment, they just put out the turtle trader setup and they scan for it. Absolutely beautiful. So more on that at some [clears throat] other time. All right, here we go. My name is Amory Band and for those of you that watch, I appreciate you coming and uh spending the mornings with me. Let's start with the E- Mini S&amp;P 500 and let's talk a little bit about what I said yesterday. So, I said, will buyers be forced to buy? And some of us were like, what? So, the only people that are forced to buy are sellers who are on the wrong side of the move. And that's because they know they're either going to drain their account, get a margin call, or they have predefined risk. Wink wink, nudge nudge. Uh, option C is always your best one. And here's what we saw. End of the month unwind. Everybody really short a pull back down into this [snorts] uh old support zone. Notice from the left, that's where you're always going to find it. And price action begins to lift. My apologies for the sniffles. I've got some kind of funk I'm trying to get rid of. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Okay, so that being said, it began to rise and then notice inventory accumulation just before the market opened and then breakaway. Remember how it looks? Peak above, pull back to a higher low, VWAP below you, Bob's your uncle straight up. Very nice straight. I was on Topstep TV. Uh I don't know. I think it was like 1:00 or something. I can't remember. I I I don't remember. I took a short up here. Why? Well, old support, new resistance, trend down. Trendpider told me that I had a supply zone up here. So, I put on the short. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Now, at the very same time, appearing on the dome, the depth of market tells us where orders are sitting. A pretty good sized order appeared above us to sell. The thought was, hey, it's going to run into that. My thought was, okay, if it runs into that, I'm going to turn around and go long. Well, it never ran into it. And we had a nice drop, beautiful trade forming. finished offline because it didn't really come in until 3:00 coming into old support. So, here we are starting the day 30 minute open. Look at how tight this range is. Though it's above the 30-minut open, we have not broken below that 30-minut open. That's a big deal. There's a little bit of supply sitting here at 77, but it is a fight club. It's a It's a pretty good fight club and it relates directly to this inventory box right here. Oh, for the love of Pete. Come on, Fred. Yes, this inventory box right here. So, here we are. Halfway spot inventory box holds the top of it. So, the line in the sand this morning is going to be right around 7,07. Now, do I think it's going to break it? I do. We don't have any resolution to any price action that's occurred. We have no news that's different to this news. This is just a natural unwind of traders who went very short and had to cover. So, how do you know this as a possibility when you're staring down the chart? Well, [snorts] if you see big moves and you think to yourself, okay, what if I was that guy or gal? That's all you need to think. What would I need to do? Your thought should always be, what if I was that guy or gal and I had big size? What would I be forced to do? And you can tell this is why I said our buyers going to be forced to buy. Okay. So this is a forced unwind of the shorts. Has anything happened to invalidate that premise? That would be no. What would invalidate the premise? The rise up over the inventory event above this zone. So you can see this is a big fight club. I've got an alert 7,026 call wall 7,50. It's still there. Put support the put wall. Holy smokes. Still down here. 6600. What does this tell you? They are hedged. They are bullish hedged into the individual names that are going to report this week and bearish hedged using the futures market. Okay, zero DTE put wall 6850. So what do we care about? Well, we've got this is a big earnings week. Another big earnings week. So until that starts unwinding, we're going to sit in these sideways pockets. What would I like to see? I'd like to see a dip back into the VWAP, frankly, before I consider long action. Sorry, losing my breath. So, this is a very messy patch. Uh, I took a small short from 7,12 or so, but it's out now because I'm holding this floor. And so, I'm going to wait it out. If perhapen stance it comes down into one of these wicks right there at the VWAP, I'm going to be watching for a buy zone. Got an alert set there at 6977. Halfway step 696. As long as we stay above 7,7. It's a buy zone in my mind statistically speaking. All right, here we go. Looking at the NQ mini NASDAQ, what do we have? Well, doesn't look as strong as the ES. Notice here's the ES level. It's way up here. This one is down in the body of the value area. Value area high right around 25,900. It is a battle zone. It's a big battleground. inventory accumulation here between 26,025 or so and this 25,930. So this could easily be a Bisel. Notice we have a floor of support that's around 25,900. If you want to be aggressive, you think it's going to be a bullish day, that might be the area to stare down to say, "Hey, if as long as I hold 25,900, I'm going to have bullish pressure." Put an alert there. Make the test of it really tight. So, it comes pretty close to the number. You can see that where they're trying to bounce is right at value area high. This is a box. The call wall is is trapped under here at the 1day max. That's 26,000. The put wall at 25,000. The zero DTE put wall at 25,600. a fair bit of supply sitting below dips easily buys ideally for me underneath the VWAP and the point of control would be where I would be looking for price action because it appears that there is quite a bit of inventory accumulation that we can see on the left from Thursday and that has turned into somewhat of a supply zone. So, want to watch it break and then bounce. 25,750 is a line that I like. Uh, that gives me the next target down. And then, you know, if something happens and we go freef falling, then the zero DTE put wall at 25,600 is really what we will look at next. Trend essentially sideways. Notice the VWAP's flat, meaning essentially everybody's sort of break even. So, they're going to buy the bottom, sell the top, and that's going to create more inventory accumulation. The breakout above gives us 26,150. Now, do I think we're going there? No. Could we go there? Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. But very sideways in general, waiting on earnings this afternoon. Okay. Let's take a look at the RTY. [clears throat] Looking at the marked contract, uh, a little weaker than the ES, a little stronger than, uh, actually it's weaker than the NQ, too, isn't it? We are making kind of these ugly lower highs. Not not a nice line. It easily can cross, but sideways formations for sure. that's been an area that's been resistance. I would expect that it's still resistance. So bounces up into the range where supply sits 2667 short the floor here in the RTY somewhere near the point of control but that's what we'll be looking at. Okay. All right. Let's look at micro Bitcoin. Notice, check this out. Here they are over here. Holding, holding, collapse, holding, holding, collapse. Now they are at the do or die. This is the Michael Sailor area. The put wall is at 76,000. The call wall is at 87,000. This is a box that is holding a floor currently at 77,000. Where is the better bet that bounces into the sell zones? In in my mind, if I were to take this and move it over our trend line, if we move the trend line over a little bit, we could see that there's a possibility that we can get to 80,000. The VWAP sits just above it and we are battling at the point of control. This looks like a train wreck to me. That being said, there is a tremendous amount of effort being put into holding a floor here. If they cannot do this, we've got ourselves a pretty ugly pattern. Downside 50% region, 77,000 base of the floor, 74,000, 72,000 next, and then 70,000 after that. Who knows? Maybe liquidity will lift, but I don't think so. That's just my estimation. Let's take a look at oil. So geopolitical fade [snorts] charts are still in backwardation, meaning the forward contracts are still cheaper than the current contracts. We have a thin volume profile right here. But in the grand scheme, folks, energy is on the rise. Nothing's going to go in a straight line, but dips actively being bought. What am I looking for? I want to see this hold up. We're testing it right now, 6250, but it's got to break through and close above it before my alert goes through. First pass, remember, first pass needs to pull in to a higher low. And if you take the trade off the higher low, it needs to break prior resistance or you're still in heavy congestion. This is very heavy congestion. Very heavy. I have no idea whether it'll break through and hold. But if it does, we've got ourselves the rise up into where incidentally put wall is sitting for the zero DTE. call wall up at 65, the big put wall down at 55. Again, people are hedging quite a bit. Quite a bit. Um, lot of uncertainty. This is why I think that the charts have the potential to roll backwards. Let's take a look at silver. Silver is still very illquid. How can you look at a chart and tell it's illquid when there are gaps between the candlesticks like this? This is not a good chart to trade. I would ask that you stay away because floors are never floors when you're looking at an illquid pricing event like this. It's very important. Could it break down? Yes. Could it break out? Yes. Could you make a ton of money in either direction? Yes. But the unknown creates so much risk that it's not worth getting involved. This is my thought. Gold looks a bit better. Holy cow. [snorts] Hang on. That was a big sneeze. And I'm very glad you did not hear it. [clears throat] Okay. same formation as silver, but the liquidity patterns look a lot better. It's not that much more liquid, but it's certainly more illquid than It's more liquid than silver. So, what are we doing? Could this be a penant? Yes, a penant has a tendency to break in direction of the pole. So, that would be more downsight pressure here. Let's look up wide angle to the daily and see what's happening here. Gigantic move down. Here we are just inside of [clears throat] Friday's candlestick. Just inside of it. So, are we staring down a range that could easily be defined here? Yes. My suspicion is that the line in a sand is 496 or so and that's right here at the base of the last area of accumulation. Notice supply is building here. So what do you want to look for break out of? Well, there's the call wall. So it could easily break through the call wall. But remember, how do these metals break out? They break out, pull back to a relative higher low, and then break out again. Here's another small version of that. They break out, pull back to a relative higher low, next one up to the range. So now it's in another potential pullback. It could break out, run some stops, and then come all the way back. dips or buys obviously, but the dips could be strong and you want to really watch out for where these sellers are to exhaust price to the north and then rotate down. That's still a $50 move if it happens. But the call wall really holding this in place, the put wall at 275, call at 5,000. Let's go to spy. [clears throat and cough] spy. Um, our floor, let me remove this alert and reset it. The floor for the spy in my mind still sits around 694. There's a higher support zone showing its head at 695. A pullback into that area could easily hold. Hard to say what's the breakaway formation above 697 698 somewhere around there. Want to throw get a breakthrough above that line. That's what it's looking like for a breakout sideways formations. Inventory accumulation essentially most of the day yesterday. inventory accumulation holding between 69690 which is also value area high and the lower edge of 695. So about you know almost $2 that you can move which could be very lucrative. You just want to be careful. You really want to be careful. The next line in the sand, I suspect on a dip down would be the 691 and some change. Dips are buys. They could just be deep. So, you really you want to be careful here in this environment. It's still a very messy patch and they are trying to hold themselves in these inventory accumulations. I was reading someone's trade uh review that they have sent me and it said, "Hey, you know, comes to the bottom of the box, think it's going to break down, runs right back into the range." This is a very important observation. It tells you that they're gaming the edges and trying to push out of the range. When it doesn't occur the first time or the second time, realize that's the game that's being played. So you look for the edges and trade the mean reversion. But it takes a couple of observations for you to notice that. That's just one of the things that happens. Okay. So looks like a pretty muddy day ahead. Traders are on both sides trying to move up, trying to move down. There's a fair bit of volume as I'm looking up onto the charts. a fair bit of volume that's building up in this area between 7,022 in the ES to 7,014. So that's the range and you can see in the spy that's essentially the same thing that we're looking at here $695 to 697. All right, take care. I'll see you on the streams. We'll be starting uh our coaching event in the Topstep Discord. You haven't joined it. It's easy. It's free. and I'll be sitting in there today talking about anchored VWAPs and inventory accumulation. We'll be able to watch that together. All right. Okay, everybody, take care. I'll see you on the streams. I'll see you on TopStep TV and I'll see you on the Benzinga show at 10:30. We'll be looking at some post earnings trades. Take care, everyone.
