VIDEO 077: https://youtu.be/NsbUDtFVRKY

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Monday, February the 2nd, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. Taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P and the first thing that we notice if we're thinking about last night's market kickoff formation, we can see the first 30 minutes of trading is where we're sitting right now. My commentary was the following. One, if we break above that first five minute candlestick, we will attempt to fill the gap. And we did. filled the gap, ran right into supply, and then collapsed right into demand. Now, you know, I've had this alert since Wednesday, maybe. But here's what we notice. This is Friday's event, and this is Thursday's event. And currently, we're sitting right in the middle of Thursday. Now, we did break down, make a lower low. That's important to understand. And we are sitting underneath the 30 minute candlestick formation of Friday. My suspicion is that that is where resistance is going to sit in the near term. That is thereabouts. Friday's high. So, I'm going to create an alert there. That is going to give us the above below region as it were. If we stay here in a sideways patch, we've got some more downward flow. If we break to the north above 6974, we are going to have more buying action that sends us back into 7,000. So, here is the backdrop. earnings. I think about 40% of the um instruments that give earnings are completed with that. Once they get completed, what we have is the buyback window opening. That's going to start opening in about seven days, seven trading days potentially. Until then, I suspect our flow remains largely sideways to negative before the buybacks start. Now, there are billions and billions of dollars of buybacks scheduled. And you know, this is manipulation by the overall instruments to keep their stock price up. We have to remember that. I'm going to clone this to see if we've got any parallel motion. Not really. It's pretty sticky to be sure, right? And the motion is Let's use this line. This one looks pretty good. If we lose 6,925, I think we retest 680. That is not um that's not an unlikely that's not an unlikely test. We do see there's a lot of supply here. So 6875 is our new floor. Okay, that's been that's going to be our new floor. So we see what's happening. Price action is trying to lift. The 30 minute high which is also the zero DTE put wall at 69.50 is sitting above. The call wall is still up at 7,50. Check it out. The put wall has moved down to 6,600. So, what's it telling you? It's telling you that there is hedging going on. Even though they're bullish, the instruments in the options, we've got this bearish hedge sitting on the bottom. Now short interest is at a relative low and 85% of all the instruments are within I don't think that statistic is about 25% of their all-time highs. So that's a lot of participation to the upside. If we continue down the people who've hedged are going to start making some cash. Okay. So this is what we need to remember that there is a downward hedge being positioned with put options in the broad market. Let's go to the NQ. All right, taking a look at the NQ. Same kind of pressure event, a little steeper, right? Little steeper. [snorts] This is a tough one, right? You know, here's the thing. We could draw an infinite number of trend lines. Trend lines are not supposed to be traded to the trend line because of the notion of infinite numbers of trend lines depending on which entry and which target we use. That being said, it definitely gives you trend, hence being called a trend line. So what we have to estimate in this trend is how is price action holding. Now what we see in the ENQ it's a fair bit weaker than the ES slope is a little steeper but it's doing the same thing. It's trying to get to the top of the 30-inut candlestick formation and indeed return to the gap fill which it too also accomplished in the overnight. My suspicion is that is the line in the sand 25,640 above it more buyers are going to get engaged below it sellers resume control. put wall down here 25,000 that has not moved as much. It's still 25,000 from last week. The call wall is 26,200. It's sitting behind this max or actually 26,000, excuse me. We've got supply pockets all the way up to 25,750. That would be our first target line I would anticipate. If it moves up continually, where is the break down that says, "Hey, we've got some more aggressive motion on the horizon." That's about 200 points above the put wall, 25,200. Traders likely to defend that area at the first pass. They want to hold it. And we can see clear supply that built in the overnight. That being said, this is counter trend. So what do we do when we are looking for trend and a position? We look for strength in negative pressure events to go short. Is this strength? Why yes, it is. Where is the likely target? It's got two edges. 25,50040 and then 25,630. Easily it could get to this top. Remember, as I said last night in market kickoff, I'll put a link to that particular uh video if you did not watch it. This motion here, buyers have a lot to defend. A lot to defend. They have to come in here or they're telling the sellers they're weakening. That is not to be underestimated. If we're staring this price action down, this is what the chart is generally telling us. And we can see this trend line comes right into value area low on the daily chart for what we are staring down. So buyers have a lot to prove. If they don't prove it, sellers are going to step on their necks and they know it. And so also, if you're short and you took a short position here or you took it on the breakdown, if it gets up and over 25,550, you're going to cover because you have to or you're going to be upside down in your trade. So, a lot could happen here. You could take the aggressive short, but I would say if it doesn't immediately go in your favor, cut and run. Okay? Or you can go in the opposite direction. All right? That took a long time. Uh let's look at micro Bitcoin. Okay, big cap down. We talked about this also. It's a very important area. This is the micro strategy buy point. Lot of reasons to defend here. Now, see the gap down. Notice how weak Bitcoin is. Notice, unlike the others, not moving up to fill the gap very well. So, my suspicion is that if it loses the VWAP at 76,800, there's more downside. At which point that downside looks to me like about 65. It could be uh it could be more than that, but that's what I'm that's what I'm thinking. 65 to 56. It's my thought. Anyway, here we go. What are we staring down? Price action sideways in this box. Are they trying to break out? Yes. But are they actually breaking out? No. Remember, this is a liquidity test. And so, as trades continue to unwind, margin calls, flights to safety, all that stuff going on. Some people said, "Hey, because gold and silver are rotating down, Bitcoin's going to lift." I don't I don't really buy that. However, we'll watch. If it gets above 80,000, it could easily walk up and start trying to get to value area low, which is 82,000. Okay? So, watch that. That's very, very important to be concerned. Is it to concern yourself with a setup? Is it a downward formation? Yes. What do you do in downward formations? You look for strength in weakness and you take the short. Just like if you're looking at an upward formation, you look for weakness in the broad area of strength to move forward. Okay, speaking of which, let's take a look at crude oil. Let's go to the daily. So, geopolitical uncertainty has uh price action moving up. chatter. Well, also all the shorts contracts that are in contango going to have to get rolled. So, what are we staring down? A support zone that it just tested, which happens to be the VWAP at 62. Now, my suspicion is that this is a good bounce zone. And last night, I talked about 62 being a good spot. Waiting for 62 to recover after hitting the low tells us which way to go. Now oil fell down through this region. Why? Um positive talks between Iran and the US. This story board we should know is a wash, rinse, repeat. What happens in the near term is that geopolitical risk continues to rise. So my suspicion is that even if this bounces and pulls back and looks like it's going to break, all of this inventory accumulation is very likely to break to the north. So I see continued price action above the zone of inventory accumulation that's $6240. It's very close to that area right now. So it's likely to bounce. If it fades and heads to the bottom of the range, that 6150ish, it's not along until it recovers. So, we've got that 6150 to watch. The next thing, the next line of heavy congestion is a 3day, that's not three days, 2day anchored VWAP around $60.70. That's our next super solid support line in my mind. If it breaks to the north again, value area low is our first test. That's going to be $6323. It's also old resistance, new support, and support that becomes resistance. So a lot of things telling us that that is the region price action is going to run into right we suppose this so that's what we'll be staring down VWAP above it 6430 point of control above it 6530 below which I significantly doubt that we will head there but below the zone is 5980 for downward formations. All right, let's take a look at silver. Silver has had a pretty nice bounce. Here's the thing. It's also very noisy. Take a look. 30 minute formations to me. This is a 30-inut chart. These candlesticks are telling me that the dome or the activity inside of the pricing instrument is very thin. When it's very thin, you're trading in live markets. It's going to shred you because you're going to get fills that are 20 cents away from where price action is. So be careful if you plan to do this. Now, is silver likely to bounce? Yeah, eventually. Where is the put? It's currently at 68. Where is the call wall? It's at 120. Holy smokes, that's really wide. What do you want to do? I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. The only thing I'm trading in this space is options. I'm not going into the live futures market because when you are trading in thin markets, things that you think are support do not become support because people run for the fire escape and they'll take any price that is offered them to get out any price. Also, if someone gets very very short and price starts creeping up, they are going to have to buy to cover or risk ruin. So, I don't want to have either of those things that I worry about. Just going to watch this for now. You play it absolutely fine. Do what you like. Not a good market. Okay, here's gold. So, gold broke through this level. Let's remove the alert. That's the new call wall. It's at 5,000. Well, no, it's been there, right? Value area alone and the call wall are the same number thereabouts. 5,000 bucks. Value area low. What is the chart going to try and do? Resume the move to value. What is the broad chart telling us? Let's expand and take a look. Have a look, folks. This is why I say every day you start from the biggest time frame that you can see. Look at where this falls to in the overnight old resistance and value area high and bounces savagely [snorts] off of that line. It's 300 points to the north almost. Okay. Where is it stopping right now? Where the price opened this morning essentially. Pre-market open yesterday evening. Okay. Where did the high go? The open of Friday. No, that's the close of Friday. Sorry. I thought it was a green candle for some reason. Okay. So now that's what we're seeing. Here is our opening formation 30 minutes of the trade. Where's it going to? This is the foot wall for zero DTE. That's 4,800. It's going to reject that also because it's old support. The big put wall is 4,700. So this put wall is pretty high. Let's see if it changes today. What are we staring down? Weakness, relative strength, breaking through the edge, supply zone all the way up at the top of the call wall. So that's what we want to watch for the break of the call wall. Could metals recover? Are they going to go straight down in line? When does that ever happen? Seriously, it's going to be messy. People are going to try and buy the dip and people are going to try and heavily short it. That's going to cause more volatility. The chains look a little better here based on how the candlesticks are moving, way better than silver. And at the end of the day, this support ledge that hit at 4,400 in the overnight, it's a really nice support leg. I mean, very nice, almost to the tick. So, I would suspect we've got ourselves a near-term floor in the chart. How does that make us trade? Well, we collected inventory for a little bit here and then walked up, collected some more inventory, and walked up. What we want to see is this original trigger point at the breakdown here. How well do we handle $497? If we can get up over this $4,97, we're going to move up into the 5,000 area. But if not, we are going to create a base or region of inventory accumulation that the markets will stall out between 400 and this 4,400 and 4,900. So, another $500 in the making. All right, let's take a look at spy. Good grief. I'm talking so much. Look at these breakthroughs. Holy smokes. We're going to remove the alert and then create the alert again. Same numbers, critical mass, 694 at the bottom, at the top of resistance, excuse me, as the primary resistance that will separate buyers from sellers. The first 30 minutes of trading so far from the 4:00 am time slot for SPY, they are trying to fill the gap. Where are they going to go? Potentially $691. Where is the likely breakdown if the price action loses 687 and does not quickly recover? It is not a long, it is a short put wall all the way down at 680. This is the wall we're going to watch. This put wall is going to be very important. It tells us about hedging and what the traders are doing in general. Is the trend down? Why yes, it is. Are we sitting inside of Thursday's price action? Well, we sure are. Have a look. We're inside this formation. So, it is not unreasonable for us to attempt a bounce at the first test of the low of Thursday. So, keep your eyes open for that. Essentially bullish if we lose it and immediately recover. That's the trend line we're watching. Pardon me, my nose is running off my face. All right, there we have. lot to look at. I know I went long, but a lot to stare down. Messy bits ahead. We've got about seven more days of sideways trading before the stock buybacks start pushing liquidity back into the market. Who knows if Bitcoin will move along with that, but there we are. Okay, take care folks. I'll see you on the streams.
