VIDEO 078: https://youtu.be/CLjVVzs12zk

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Bye everyone. Today's Friday, January the 30th. It is the last trading day of the month. We have some interesting things going on and so let's get a look at it. Welcome to the Moneyball morning report. Gamma flows by Menthther Cube, charts by Trendpider. Couldn't do couldn't do it without either of really fantastic companies. Let's start by taking a look at the ES and let's talk about what it means to have the last day of a trading month that is January. Okay. So into the big tech earnings event, what we did see in the positioning of the options flow is that many of the large players were bullish on individual names but built a hedge by shorting the index. And so that's why we saw the put walls so far below. Now those hedges are going to unwind and expire. And when a hedge is put on, it means that the market makers have to go in and shift their delta. And so if somebody is putting on a bearish hedge, it means that the market makers actually taking on a bullish position. So what they have to do is short the index. And so now we're having an unwind. So even all of this noisiness coming in and you know this has been one of those weeks where years happen. I hate to quote Lenin but it feels like it's appropriate. Um yeah so we've got a new uh we got a new Fed chair. We've got all kinds of things going on. But the big thing is this unwind that is likely to happen. We had some of it occur on Thursday. We had some of it occur on Wednesday. Feels like the majority of it unwound yesterday, but we're still likely to see a little bit more call wall at 7,000. The put wall we will see naturally shift next week. Here's the next thing on the horizon. We've got a seasonality dip ahead of us. That says our next real buy point is somewhere around midFeb. So, what are we staring down? This is why I went to the 4our charts. I'm only going to go over two charts today because I am late for a meeting that is already on its way. All right, so my apologies. Here's what we've got. We have um this new downward flow that started on Wednesday, right? And now we've got this movement into the base of uh value area low. That's what these blue lines are. value area low. Could be that the bounce unwind takes us to value area high and then next week we start a dribble and we come back down into the support flows. Very very important. Okay. So what's the story board today? We have negative drift from a momentum perspective and we have a downward slope on the VWAP. That being said, we are sitting in a broad inventory accumulation space. So it seems natural that dips are buys in this formation statistically and technically speaking. All right. Now, where's the line in the sand? My thought is that it's this 6925 area. below it, the traders are going to try and buy the dip. However, if the unwind has already taken care of itself and [clears throat] we begin a new leg downward, we're going to lose this ledge and walk down into the next areas of frontline support. And where will those be? anchored VWAP. I think 6880 looks like a pretty good line in the sand. All right, for a frontline support zone comes today. Maybe not. Fridays are typically bullish. Could come tomorrow. All right, the next one I'm going to cover this is going to look the same. ES and Q. They're all basically the same. I'll show you so that you see what I'm talking about here. Although the NQ moved up dramatically, earnings, right? Chips are the new darlings and listen, SanDisk, which printed $666, which I think it's this gigantic joke, but because you see them print these sorts of numbers all the time, they I think they think it's funny. I don't know who they is, but that's what I'm saying. So, this SanDisk was $28 10 months ago. 666. Uh, you think there's a little bit of bubble action. Yeah. So, forces beyond our control, mechanical market forces are driving price actions to the edge. I would love to say I had SanDisk at uh 28 and held it, but no, I did not, which is another story, but we won't talk about that. All right. So, here we are back in the accumulation zone. The unwind probably going to occur. Bounce area one day max is 26,200 but the call wall is 26,700. The put wall still 25,000. So what's the trade? They should, statistically speaking, try to bounce off of the point of control, which is what they're trying to do right now at 25,680 and then 25,850, which is where they are right now. Back to 26, and then down she goes. This is my thought anyway. But the next one I want to look at is what's going on with silver. So, you might say to yourself, "Good grief, what's happening?" Well, uh, Albert Marco, who I talk about all the time because the guy is just so, uh, convicted about what it is that he believes and thinks that I admire it. Right? There's a there's an element you know people can be convicted and be absolutely wrong and sometimes he is but the state of conviction is uh very few people have that sort of line where they go nope that's me and I'm not going to cross it. So I I do love that about him. So yesterday between last between yesterday afternoon when I tried to take the short at $11723 and it missed me by five ticks and then of course had itself another bounce that rotated down. This chart has given up 20% of its value. 20% overnight. Guess what? The bounces are going to continue to sell. We got a new Fed chair and he is not the dove that Trump thinks that he is. President Trump thinks that he might be a dove. He is not. And so [laughter] look out. The market's about to get jiggy. So what's the story board? Bounces or sells in all of the metals. Look at what this thing gave up. I mean, obviously parabolic. One, two, three, four, five days. 16 hours. We gave it all back. Lower lows and lower highs. Still printing. Let's take a look at gold. Same thing. Look at this. $600 in movement. $600. That's It's bananas. I I truly have never seen I've never seen uh I I've never seen metals move like this ever. Never seen a move in in gold like this. So what what did we actually move down you know 10% overnight and there's more coming there there is more coming. Now, doesn't mean that we're not going to get reflexive moves, but look at the size of value area high to value area low. Value area low, $4,300. Value area high, $5,400. Yeah. So, watch the dribbles, the bounces likely to be sell zones. Uh, but some very interesting things of foot. Notice the put wall 4700. We could easily get there easily. And the call wall 5600. We watch things move around. All right, that's it for me, folks. Uh bounces or sells in this particular formation. But do you see the size of the wicks? Look for old support that has become resistance that it tests twice. Then you can take your short. Okay. Notice support that becomes resistance tests twice. Here the bounce up here again the collapse. And the moment that it starts moving against you, get out, take your cuts and wait for the next opportunity. Okay? It is what it is. All right, there we have it. Um, take it easy. I'll see you on the streams. You guys know Benzinga Pro, we've got Midday Moneyball, um, group coaching, uh, Benzinga Pro option show, big full day. Good luck. Take care everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
