VIDEO 079: https://youtu.be/mroNvdI-jzE

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, January the 29th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Men Q. We're taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P first, the futures. We can see we've got supply sitting up above us between 7,025 and 7,040. The call wall is up at 7,50. Take a look at this. The put wall, you've got some demand here, but the put wall, friends, look at that. 6600. That's pretty far away. So what's the story board there? Well, a lot of uh seasonality events, we look at them a lot in the futures market and what we see are upward trends into the end of the month here. Still upward flow into the first couple of days of February and then into midFebruary we have a dip. I don't know if that'll come exactly in midFebruary, but these have been working. What they don't do is stay down there. So, if you're looking for dips to buy, great. If you're looking for dips to get out of short positions that you're caught in, also great. Perfect time to do it. All right, that being said, let's move along and see what we've got going on here. The Fed candle, which a little bit of a nothing burger, not going to lie. sitting right here at the 230 hour. The closing 30 minute candle absolutely monstrous. Look at the buying that occurred at the floor of support. This line at 6975. We're going to create a new line there. It's already triggered. We're going to create a new alert. That's a big deal. We're going to call this a potential floor for now. So if it loses that area, we might have a little bit of trouble. So clearly we need to be careful around this zone between and 6970 or so. All right. The opening 30-minut candlestick also very wide absolutely wide candlestick and all day into the overnight and now we've just sat basically inside of that candlestick. So where are our trading levels? Okay, so what do we see first? We see a trend break in downward flow. We don't know if it's going to get back down here, but take a look at this. If I just pull this forward, [snorts] it's gonna almost hit that on the nose. I find that also to be very interesting. So, we're going to keep our eyes on this low and see where this trend line takes us. We are above the VWAP. We have higher highs and higher lows relative to this formation, but it is forming some kind of wedge. So, short answer, sticky bits. That being said, the 30 minute formation still in the flow. Very, very important. So, what do we want to stare down? Here is overhead supply, inventory accumulation for 1 2 3 4 and a half hours or so, and then a break, a failure to enter the inventory box. And now we are moving down here. So, where's the most likely place we move? My suspicion is that it's the point of control and that's somewhere around 709. I sure hope it does not go off while we are telling the story here today. If it does, the expectation is supply sits right here at around 7,000 to 7,04. That would be the next zone you would attempt to see buyers. But you see all these wicks, folks, that is very choppy sideways trading in the past. We could easily see it in the future if we lose the VWAP and this 7,09 as it sits from a trend perspective. If we change the connections that we see here and we try to move it to the bottom of these ranges, we can see that this 709 looks pretty good. Okay, momentum is trending in the same direction. So, we don't have any clear glaring things uh in the way. All right, so above us, we've got returns to 7,040. The breakaway formation in my mind is the return to the inventory event above 7,025. This gives us potential for price action to return to the prior highs and into old supply areas. All right. And that would be all the way up at 7,038. We know what we're looking at below. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Let's take a look at the NQ now as you know uh or you might not know but Andre Allesian yes always have such a hard time with his name from Edgeful brilliant young guy built edgeful all kinds of things he says statistically speaking trading NQ means that you must consider consider the midnight candle. Now, I used to do this a lot for those of us that remember maybe two years ago. Really used to hang out here and watch this midnight candle, but I became quite enamored with my opening range candle first. But here's what this candle suggests. It suggests and this data is from Edgeful with a high percentage point on Wednesdays. Yeah, Wednesday is the day to watch. And so let's see. Yesterday was Wednesday. Let's look at the midnight candle. Boom. Here it is. This says, this statistic says that if we breach that midnight candle on a Wednesday, chances that we retest the midnight candle are well over 70%. No matter which way we breach it, if we breach it to the downside, we test the candlestick formation on the upside. If we breach it to the upside, we test the candlestick to we test it on the downside. Bananas, but statistically over 70%. Madness. So, Thursday, not as high, but we we'll keep our eye on it. I think, you know, check this out. This is our 30-inut opening candlestick. Look at how different the NQ looks to the ES. The ES is near the top and the it's broken away from its 30-minute candle coming back down to retrace. The NQ doesn't even break the 30-minute candle to the upside. Breaks it to the downside. And now here's our midnight candle. What are we looking for? Well, we've tested this one, this alert line several times, 26,150. Let's do it again. Should we change this number a little bit? No, [clears throat] we're going to leave this. We're going to leave it here for this reason. If we break it, we know it's the level to recover. So, 26,150 return into this area. We know we've got an updraft into the supply zone, which is sitting well above us. Value area high, 26,300. Value area low 25,900. Call wall 26,500. Zero DTE put wall at 25,650. And the big put wall remains at 25,000. Still a fair bit of hedging going on here. A fair bit of hedging. Okay, so now what do we have? Hang on two sec. Okay. Uh so now what are we looking at? Well, if we lose the uh point of control right here at about 26,000 or so, this is going to be a fade. However, remember if and then that's what we're going to have to watch. We got to watch it come down, lose the edge, attempt to recapture the edge, and fail. That's how we know we've got ourselves a good trade. Okay, so this is what we're staring down. Downward flow. Momentum is a little bit more negative. We're under the VWAP. New inventory event. So, they're going to try and lift above this 26,150. If we can get back into that 26,250, we'll be in pretty good shape. Let me remove this. This is noisy. Okay. uh candle for FOMC and then the massive candle into the end of the day. Man, the last 30 minutes of yesterday were absolutely wild. That is absolute crazy. Okay, so that's what we're looking at at the NQ. Let's check out Micro Bitcoin. Now, this one's been running. Okay, glad to see this fade because if this actually does not fade, I have a huge thesis building in the back of my head that's going to be completely broken and I am going to have to get back to the drawing board. So, as it sits, still believe 90,000 top of the range. What do we do? Everybody's super excited. We get past 90,000 and we have a double top. Notice technical divergence momentum fades on the second test high. That is a critical mass that tells you we've got a resistance point ahead. The flat VWAP is a very big help. And what that tells you is, okay, my momentum is down. My VWAP is not carrying any strength. So, I'm going to return to that VWAP and potentially I'm gonna get right back into the box. And so this is the box of inventory. It's between 89,500 and 88,800. That's the box. Now, we've lost it. And so, let's clone it to see. Whoopsie. Let's clone it to see how well we do here. The box is actually telling me that it's a little bigger. But here's what we are looking at. What we want to recover is 88,000. That's what we want to recover. If you're a buyer, you can try the bottoming formation. Notice if it breaks and it bounces, then you can take the trade. If it breaks and it bounces but can't hold then you can take the trade downside here. The bounce holds you get involved here and your stop becomes the bottom of the range. Same sort of thing happening here. You can easily buy that bottom event if you're so inclined. The loss of 87,000 will very likely bring more sellers into the market. Okay. So above us, 90,000 below us, 87,000 in the middle. Watch that VWAP and look for divergence. So this one slightly positively divergent, but we've got slope on that VWAP. So upward trend here has a pretty good resistance area near 88,400. Might be a might be a fair area to consider a short. Just watch your risk because we've got supply that goes up another $300 or so. Okay, let's take a look at oil. Finally, this is the break. Gosh, I've been out of pocket just terribly. So, as you know, if you've been listening to me for any period of time, I have said, "Look out, folks. Oil's going to start to run." And indeed, it is. Now, why do I think it's running? Well, I think it's running for geopolitical reasons. But here we are today. Daily chart, daily max, as well as the coall. This is the first line in the sand that's really up here. Lot of people are going to be waiting to short it. Remember, the forward contracts are still in backwardation, meaning they're cheaper. And so we're going to see a lot of rotation if it breaks to the north and it could squeeze. So what's the storyboard? Well, first thing is they're going to try and short it here. They could win and it could move down. Secondly, they're going to try and take it long, but the shorts will try first and then they will turn around and move forward. So it's if and then. Okay. And that's when you go you go when it recovers. If you want to take the short and it breaches the 66 area, it could run hot for a dollar up over 65. If it breaches 66 and you're short, you're going to have to get out. That that would be really bad. So, I would say watch this on a very tight cycle. Very very tight cycle. See what happens up here. If it begins to break down on that 30 minute formation, kind of like how it looks right now. Here's the fly in the ointment there. You see this upward flow? See how much how much time we're sitting here? If this breaks, but it's had all of this time. The first pass is going to try to be another long and it's going to shoot past you. If you're thinking about a short trend is telling you any kind of dip they're going to buy because this upward motion has got to force the traders to move their contracts around. Where does selling potentially get a foothold below 64? But all dips are buys here. They are. We are heading straight for something super interesting. All right, let's take a look at gold. Not looking at silver today, folks. A lot of crazy stuff going on. So, here we are taking all right, I'll do it. I heard you. What? Let's take a look at gold. Still trending up. Looks great. Martin Armstrong now has an extended level of 7,800 to 10,000 for the price of gold, which is pretty flatout bananas. But hey, listen, it's been running like the wind. Call Wall 5500. Where are we? uh 5560 inventory accumulation the entire overnight. So the break folks is going to matter the entire night we've sat here. So what do we want to look at? Remember metals break out or break down in the same way. They will break the ledge, break support, break resistance and then immediately start moving in the opposite direction. If they are in continuation, they'll pull back to a higher low and then the breakout again. So the trade would be, hey, if it breaks higher, watch it pull back and then when it recovers for old resistance, you buy it again. always looking to the left and you can see the 30 minute high of the opening candlestick is firm resistance and that is 5628. All right. So be careful just buying the breakout or selling the breakdown. Collapse into tight time frames. Watch the traders lose the ledge or recapture the ledge and then you go. All right. Value area high 5590. Value area low 5500. 5500 is the line in the sand for sure. Let's see if we can trigger this three times. All right, there we go. And that's what we're staring down. Upward flows. Let's take a look at silver. Silver continues to rally the call wall at $120, the put wall at $15. We had a breakthrough that triggered into the end of the day yesterday, 30 minute candlestick formation. Let's put let's remove this ray and let's bring this line. Let's make a better line. Here we go. $11644. That's going to be the line to watch. Now, everybody thought, "Oh, here it is. Gold's uh silver's crashing." That's not how these things work when they are like that. Just this rotation is crazy. This rotation is absolutely bananas. Let's remove the alert here at 112 and then create a new alert [cough and clears throat] heavens. If 116.44 44 does not hold. Value area should take over or easily could take over. We spent three years in there. But again, a lot like gold in that most of the time we've been collecting inventory in that first 30 minute candlestick formation. So the break is going to matter. Notice particularly see this breakout. If you had chased it, the dome was incredibly thin, but if you had chased it, you better get out at that call wall because just like these metals do, they will break a ledge and then completely collapse and try to find the next area of support, which was the low of the 30-minute candlestick. All right, so something's getting ready to happen here. It is testing the outside of this ledge again. pullback, probably a buy zone, but we do have a little bit of flattening momentum. It looks very sideways. I would look for deeper dips to buy and then maybe watch it hold over the top. The range is about $3 wide. So, you're looking at 1223 at the breakout over 119. Okay, let's go to SPY. So essentially this is very interesting. Um essentially this chart is still sideways. We had the support trigger from a couple of days ago and I believe I set the the trigger here and we got it yesterday when I was at the doctor traveling. So that is still the number to watch and that number is 694 trend. I mean we have a little topping formation a little bit of supply over 697. The breach of that area will give us an if then which will be very important. And that's really what we want to look for for the breakaway formation. The breakdown below 694, the breakaway above 697. Realizing that the momentum is flat, trend is flat. And so big bounces up should bring us back into the congestion zone. And here, look at all of this demand. We had a big P-shaped uh Bshaped profile yesterday. And that is buying at the support zones. So, going to be very very interesting today to see if they can hold it. Obviously, somebody's reporting right now. That's why it's so noisy. But that's it folks. Take it easy. Be alert. Trade small or not at all. I'll see you on the streams.
