VIDEO 080: https://youtu.be/hpUX8hvw4I8

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, January the 27th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report. My name is Anmarie Band and we are taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P on the Trendpider platform with Gamma Flows from MenthQ yesterday. Two of our triggers broke out. One occurred right at the open and actually they occurred right after the open. big breakout area. What we were staring down clearly initiating long action as the dip was incredibly minor. Have a peek. Look at the wick. Remember if and then. So if it breaks the line and we pull back and hold then we take the long and we move forward. So remember with the AND event, you always want to look for old resistance that becomes new support and we jam it up into the top today. Continued selling the first 30 minutes a little rangebound. Looks like maybe it took almost 2 hours to resolve to the north at which point the test if there it breaks and see the shallow pullback then we go long. So it's been long in the overnight. Now we're in heavy congestion again. So, I was talking with some friends, uh, and I'm I'm here in Tampa helping out with some [sighs] glitches that occurred with, um, my daughter being trapped in the Dallas airport for 3 days. So, uh, forgive me for being late, first of all. Now what we're seeing is as I was talking to some folks they were talking about this carry trade and the bonds uh with the yields the yields are really rising very very sharply remember it's the carry trade and a carry trade means you borrow from A and you go over to B where it makes money with the money you borrow just like you might if you say hey I want to open up a business you go to the bank you borrow a couple million bucks that couple million bucks, you expect for it to return an additional dividend. That's the same thing with the carry trade, only they're doing it with one currency to another. As the yields continue to rise, the bond guys are in trouble. The trade is continuing to unwind, but it's not unwinding fast enough. So, I think a lot of these traders have gotten in the short and then gotten run over. So, where is the call wall? 7,000. We breached it. No problem. All of this inventory here, old resistance at 693. That's our first line in the sand for a buy zone. Does it give us any trouble? Sorry about that. Does it give us any trouble? Well, could give us trouble for being a long because of this trend. But remember what we can do is consider taking the bounce and then watching to see if it gets up over the call wall. If it doesn't, it becomes an if and then and it's the look below and go. Right now it's holding it pretty cleanly. That's a line in the sand. I can't put an alert on it because we're sitting right on the line. That alert's going to go off. But notice 69.95. First line in the sand for buyers. Second line in the sand for the buyers will be the 30 minute opening range high low. Now Amory, why are you saying that? Well, one, there's a fair bit of support and resistance to identify there. So 69.82 seems fair. However, we could have a pit stop right around 69.89. 89 depending on what the level of buying to get out of the market looks like. Remember selling? Here's a question I asked the other day and some folks had um an interesting time with it. I said, "If we have a number of shorts and the market is going up, who is going to be compelled to buy at any time?" And that's going to be the shorts. The shorts are compelled to buy because they're losing money if they don't. Okay? So, that compelling is potentially going to keep driving prices higher. They've just gotten in front and now this is an elongated squeeze of some sort. Okay, so here we are. That's the line 69.82, otherwise 6975. What's on the top of this? Well, let's clone the chart. And if we clone the chart, we're going to see 7, 20. That's our next line in the sand. Here is a clear supply zone. And so, let's try the midpoint of that area. Right. Let's Oh, crud sickles. Let's see what the midpoint looks like. 7013. Let me change it. It's locking to the grid. So my eyeballs say 701350. All right. [clears throat] So here we have that. We have this uh move upward. Um what are we looking at? Yeah. So that's what we're staring down. 7020. Beyond that, simply replicate your rectangle and move it to the upside because this is inventory accumulation to be sure. If not, it breaks down. And interestingly enough, I would suspect that this box is just about the right size. There we go. Falls right into our first line in the sand for a breakthrough at 6982. We're going to have a short event this morning. I'm just going to go over a couple of them. You know, the broad market follows in tandem. What's the trend? Up. We broke this at the beginning of the day and then just moved. Today, the put wall is 25,825. That seems a little odd. However, it's also the value area high and it's the anchored VWAP. So, let's take the lead from the market and draw an alert right around that area. Let's give it a little bit of width. So, what do we want it to see? Let's trigger it twice just in case. That's the ideal pullback zone. It's also the base of the first 30 minute candlestick formation. Again, it takes about two hours to resolve over that zone and then it becomes clear breakaway. There's another line of support, a small area of uh supply that was just absolutely run over. We can see they're building inventory again. Where is that inventory top? 26,045. That was our measured event from last time. What do I want to do? I would say that this 25,936 is an important line to watch for consolidation uh support or a fail into the lower edges. There's a lot of demand here. There's a lot of activity sitting in this formation. So, I think that this area at 25,936 proves itself as motion. Now, where's the breakout? 29,645. That is a clear breakaway formation in my mind because we are moving by time and not price. We're in consolidation mode. And so, distribution, what do you know? It's going to put us into the one day max from enter Q. And that's up at 26,138. [clears throat] Okay. Do we want that? Let's do a big fat round number. Let's first of all, let's change it to 150 round number. And then let's create an alert. Upward pressure flow. A lot of people thinking the market ought to pull back, but it simply is not. And so we have to realize that there is I have to ask the guys at Topstep whether open interest is rising or falling. I have not checked it. I would suspect that it's falling simply because I think this is a short squeeze, but we shall see. [clears throat] So higher edge 26,150. If we break down below the put wall and the call wall is still 26,000 where we're battling right now, the range that the option sellers will make money is between 26,000 and 25,800 plus or minus whatever it is they collected. Right? [snorts] So that inventory event is certainly something that we're staring down. If per happen stance, we break through that area which also happens to be um old support we're going to move into the area that gives us the VWAP and the point of control very close to each other. And that number is 25,725. You know that that's a good zone to say, hey, what what what gives? Old resistance, new support. We'll put an alert there for grins. We know this number pretty well. 25,750 give or take. [snorts] Um, it is what it is. Uh, hang on two seconds. Okay. All right. Let's get to silver very quickly. Oh shucks. Well, we're here. I'll do it after. So, look at what happened to silver yesterday. I could see the short, you know, I was on group coaching and I could see this short building and I wanted to take it so badly and I'm very upset with myself that I didn't, but it was absolutely beautiful textbook short. a look above and fail. It was It was fantastic. So, big collapse monster group of supply zone here. And so, we're going to look at value area. No. Yes. Value area high at 117,000. That's the next break. I would not be surprised if you know the stuff that Rick Rule said yesterday is starting to permeate and there are more people getting involved. So let's see if we double top here. Let's see if we double top. Is silver a buy over the long haul? Yes, it is. Deep dips that fall below 100, below 80, below 70, I think they're all screaming buys in the long run. Screaming buys. I think we are moving through a monster commodity cycle and we'll see you know over time who's who's right or who's wrong. All right. So I am going to delete this rectangle but this rectangle here now shows us our inventory accumulation. It's a little bit bigger, little bit wider coming into the range. So 110 109 this is the fight zone. Now to be clear remember how these [clears throat] excuse me remember how these price actions behave down at these support zones. They or or resistance zones they break out. They pull back. They make a higher low and then they go for the fences. All right. Sometimes it takes one candle. Sometimes it takes three candles, but the story remains the same. They break out, retrace, and then break out again. So, that's what we're going to stare down. If they're going to break out, that's what's going to happen. And so, this line in the sand for our trend is right around here. And it looks like we've broken down below it. So my thought would be if we have a look below and go, it would be if we break 110 and we bounce and fail to get above 112, we've got ourselves a potential short once it loses 110 again. Okay, so that is the story board there. I'm going to be looking at 111,500 to see if it holds above that area. Trend is up. We're sitting above the VWAP. Momentum is high. You don't want to get in front of this short because I think a lot of people are trying to short it. Okay, so next line in the sand would be that 106. Look at how nicely it came into all our levels. Just truly fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. Came down into this zone. That'll be the first one we break if there's real trouble. Remember, it breaks and then it heads to a higher low and then moves up to the north. That's what we're staring down. 30 minute opening candlestick formation. Also a 4hour event, 2-hour event, excuse me. So, this box right here, what I'm going to do is remove this alert. And then I'm going to remove the ray that caused the alert. And then I leave it because we tested it in the pre-market low. So it's a number to watch 104,285. But then the next supply zone is right there at 100,000. Also value area low. We want to watch for that. Oh, shucks. I labeled both of those three. Okay, so that's what we're staring down. Should it go above 117, the call wall is now 120 and then above that for the max 124. Let's look at Micro Bitcoin continues to dance around this key area of resistance slash support. I'm going to remove this alert. I'm also going to remove the ray and the line. I'm going to add a new line that is up here at 88,800. That's the squishy spot. That's the region we want to see the price action break to the north if per happen stance we have upside pressure. Notice what are they doing here? Building inventory. How wide is the inventory build? Almost almost 2,000. We could say it's 1,800 or so from the top of the range. And so what can we do? We want to clone it for downside pressure. Takes it to the 85,000 area which is still in gauged. And then let's move it to the upside. 90,000 [clears throat] and that is 90,600 on the top edge. But we know this zone. We know it very very well. 91,000. So we've got sticky bits all the way up there. This line has been tested 91,300. Callwall back up at 95,000. But the max line is at 94,000. Put wall below at 84 and [clears throat] uh that's a zero DTE put wall. The regular put wall has dropped to 78,000. They are hedging for a breakdown. All the earnings events that start coming across the wires now going to be supremely important. Supremely important. Look at how different gold looks as we move to the gold chart. Look at how different the gold chart looks than the silver chart. Gold did break down, but it's in a gigantic box of inventory. So, what do we want to do? We want to remove the alert. And then we want to create a new alert at that area. That area is right around 5,020, give or take $10. We'll leave this one to trigger three times in case we have the higher support zone that tested. Whoops. I don't want to do that. I want to remove this alert. That's 5,070 is where this one was sitting. I believe that that is still a solid line of interest looking through this zone. 50 uh 5,060 570 something like that. And then our breakaway line is going to sit at $5,125. That is also the value area high. Very very interesting. Call wall shifted up to 5200. Measured move event still gives us the top of the box. I like looking at this. Here's the reason. My eyeballs tell me yes. See the the measured move down and here's the measured move up. So that my friends is what we are staring down. 5150 big fat round number. Interesting days ahead. Big gap. Whoa. This is interesting. Also big gap up $695. We need that alert. If we hold $695, very likely that we move to $698. [snorts] inventory in a pre-market action holding 691 to 692 and then a brand new zone of support showing up at 694. As long as we stay above 694, we've got ourselves bullish action. The break of 694 moves us back into the range. So now we look for the levers 693 691 and so on and so forth. All right. So that is what we are staring down. This alert for the breakaway triggered yesterday at 691. Beautiful price action folks. Old resistance, new support. Follow along. It is very straightforward to trade at this time. As long as you're not reading the news, as long as you're not thinking about any kind of crazy, remember if it looks above and then pulls back and and recovers, you've got the the move, right? If and then and so we can see it moves right out on the 30 minute. We might have to collapse to a five. [clears throat and cough] That shows how that breakaway. Let's go to the 15. It's much easier how that breakaway occurred for yesterday. There it was. Whoa, that even moved through on a 15. So, what happens when you do that? Let's say you're looking for a 15-minute breakaway and you expect it to come back and test and then go. What happens when you break out here? Well, you can do two things. One, measure 50% of that wave or look at your alert bar and make that your stop. Make that your stop. If you're uncomfortable with that and you like the same stop that you have, cut your position in half. If you can't do that, wait for price action to stabilize above the breakaway line and then go long. And that means, am I making higher low, higher high? Yes. Am I making low, higher high? Not here, but here. Yes. So, this becomes your floor. and the very next candlestick, you put a buy order out for the breakaway candle high. And that's how you get into that trade. Rewind that. It's an important piece of information. Okay, everybody. That's it for me. Take care and I'll see you on the streams.
