VIDEO 081: https://youtu.be/FIH4O6gdnso

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Monday, January the 26th, and this is the Moneyball morning report for the Benzinga Pro platform. We are taking a look at the futures market here with the E- mini S&amp;P futures event. We have charts by trendpider and gamma flows by menthroq. A couple of things to watch. This is yesterday's range actually Friday's range. We gapped down in the overnight and filled the gap in the pre-market session. And right now that is where we are battling. It is my contention that the close of a candlestick above 6941 close on the 30 minute gives us this upside pressure event below this line at 6916. Maybe we'll make this one is this line. Yes, that's our VWAP. So, I'm going to use the same VWAP region 5916 or something around there. If we lose that ledge, I believe that sellers are very likely to be more active. If we hold the ledge above 6940, I suspect buyers will become more active. We can see that our uh point of control is at 6944. That's where we rejected the first time. We could easily reject there the second time as well. And so at a second viewing, I would suspect that what we are staring down potentially is a ceiling that is round and about at 6956 and a floor at 6917. So last night on uh market kickoff, someone said there is no such thing as resistance and support. it's all algorithmic flow. I think that that's sort of a disingenuous statement simply because there are certain lines in the sand and if you want to say is support is something that never breaks or resistance is something that never breaks then potentially you could say obviously well obviously that's wrong because those things break all the time so they don't exist. Not so right. We're not talking about the laws of physics, the laws of thermodynamics. We're just talking about a line in the sand where a bunch of people crowd around. So that's my two cents on that. But I was sort of annoyed by the commentary and so I can't help myself. So there we go. Above 6917, I suspect more bullish action. be below 6956 we are caught in the range. What is momentum? Slightly up. Where are we in relation to the VW? We're above it. We've had two days of essentially sideways formations and we had a really crummy weekend of news, both political, geopolitical and um just your regular fair drama around weather. Okay. So I I would not be surprised to watch this inventory event completely give back. Now that being said, we are holding the gap and holding that gap says that our pullback into the prior days low also gives us opportunity. So you want to pay attention sideways motion in the VWAP. Look for the dips that bounce. Look for the big bounces that fade. And don't dd around in the middle unless you're scalping. Let's go to the ENQ. I spent way too long on the ES. I'm sorry. So, here's the ENQ. This is Thursday's motion. And you can see the same sort of thing. The gap fill event 25,68050. We've already failed it. However, we are bouncing off a supply zone that sits near 25,580. That gives us upper edges. My suspicion is that we fade based on the amount of inventory that is long. And that is sort of like everybody. Now, this occurred at 4:00 a.m. That's London's open. We'll see what's going on there. Right, the gap for the opening range candle is really where the wick is. So, I think I'll make that the line to watch on this particular chart. Now, could you buy it right there at 25,585? You could. If it loses the edge, it's much better to let it lose the edge and recover and take the long because then you know where all the buyers are sitting. [snorts] If you take the long here before the buyers tell you where they are ready to defend, this could fall all the way down. And if you don't have proper risk controls, you're going to be up a creek without a paddle. You know what I mean? So losing 25,529 suggests a continuation of downward flow. Where is the call wall up here? 25,800. Put wall still at 25,000. Here's what's very interesting about what's going on. Techheavy week in earnings. Most of the traders that are positioned in options are bullish in general into this tech heavy week, but they are hedging in the cues, meaning they're taking put positions in the cues as a hedge just in case their long positions that they've put in the individual stocks don't work. that's likely to make this messy. But after earnings, they're going to unwind those puts if price action does well, and that's going to give us another lift to the upside. So, we'll see. All right, let's take a peek at RTY. Very big move down on Friday. very big, but it filled a gap and trying to hold the edge. Um, if you were with me on market kickoff, you saw that I took a long here at that 2660. I just liked it. It looked good. Filling of the gap. 2670 was my target and it did that. It actually ran up into just shy of 2680. If we do not hold this 2670, it seems fairly likely that we head south. Holding above this 2670 gives us to 2690. maybe even the anchored VWAP of the prior day 26.95. But that is the ledge for upside pressure. The interesting thing to note will be how well the RTY holds its updraft. If the ES and the NQ fade, I think it will follow suit. Um, that's just my guess. Let's go to micro Bitcoin. So, as we saw on Friday, pretty big dip in Friday's price pattern. We bounced into old support overnight at this 88,520 or so. As long as we stay under there, there's more selling pressure below 87,000 that could accelerate. But we are seeing liquidity continue to leave the market and we measure that by the trend of Bitcoin. It does not look good. But if you are a Bitcoin bull, it needs to get up over 88,500 to consider the move back into 90 and then 92,000. Could it move there? Absolutely. If it gets into the range of the prior trading days, look, we spent 1, two, three trading days right in this range. They could easily try to hold the edge. Once it gets above 92, different things start to happen in terms of further acceleration. But at this juncture, 91,500 is about the storyboard high for this particular cycle. What's below? Well, we've got some demand about 85,000. That was a put wall way back in the past. And so, we'll anticipate that it could be a support zone here for the traders in Bitcoin. Let's go to oil. So what we are looking at in oil is I I I suspect that price action is going to continue to be bullish energy particularly oil. They're going to start rotating more into these areas. Exxon reports on Friday. We've got all kinds of very interesting things of foot here. But my thought about why I'm bullish oil has everything to do with geopolitical unrest. And it continues to build, my friends. It does. It really, really does. And so what we want to watch for is a break and hold. noticed if you were scalping pre-market action in oil, you could have gotten in at 6137 and then when it began to lose the new high and started coming in below that candlestick, you could have gotten out. So, it's if and then So, let some of us are pretty confused on this one. So, let's go to the one minute. Oh my. I think I gave the chart too much to think about crud. All right. So, here we are on the one minute. Take a look. Here's our 6137. Well, isn't that strange? That price disappeared. It's bizarre. Nope. Well, we do know that the chart is still in backwardation from just looking at that. That's very strange. The trigger here does not show up. So, let's go back here. That is bizarre. Look at this. This entire edge is not Let me check another chart. Hang on. I don't want to spiral into whatever. And of course, you can advance that. No, it's real. It's just not showing up on the tighter time frames. Let's see if we can see it on a five. Yes. Okay. It's something wrong with that one minute chart. It's wonky. So, here we go. if it tests 6137 and it pulls back and holds a higher low. So now you're looking at here's the test, here's the pullback into the edge of in that same 5minute candle and then here's the break to the north at 6137. You can take the long and your stop would be 6131. get it up into the zone and once it starts giving back you have a decision to make. So this if and then will look a couple of different ways. It could be nice big breakout and only the pullback comes on the actual candle that made the break and it continues to move. Or it could be something like this that gives you a test and it completely rejects, never recovers. And we're looking at something like that here also. And I do have an alert at $60.80 as the floor. So that's really what I want you to think about for these if and then formations. You have to look for candlesticks to tell you that you're moving in the right direction. All right, let's go to gold. Oh, let's go to silver. Everybody wants to look at silver. So, here we are staring down silver. It's been a bit of a beast. Wait, did I use the right silver contract right there? Hang on. Still here. All right. So, let's get it. So, here's what we have. We have a breakaway. This is the gap. Okay. This is third Friday and then this is tonight. Breakthrough. huge. So, I'm going to remove that old alert and then create a new alert says if I break through that one. Now, this one I'm also going to remove that alert, but I'm going to create another alert that says 106. So, if we come into 106, that's the first place we're going to see buyers. 104 is the next floor below. You might say, Enri, what about upward? Well, of course, since we're in some kind of massive upside event, let's clone where they've been amassing inventory. And that to me looks like between 10660ish to 10960. So about $3. That would put us up at 112. and some change if we have a measured move. Over the weekend, Rick Rule, who is kind of a famous metals guy, said that he felt like the market was getting really overheated and it was definitely time to trim. Let's see what happens there. The midpoint in the line is somewhere around maybe 111 even somewhere around there for a break and then the 112 to the next space. Dips are clearly buy zones and you can use also this 10836 if you're so inclined. It's definitely tradable. It's not going crazy. So, it's tradable, but you got to watch your risk. You absolutely have to watch your risk. So, top of the range 112. We'll see how that looks in general. Okay. All right. Let's take a look at gold. Gold also moving like a house of fire. This zone at 5,025 is a key support zone for today because it's the top of the range before the gap. Now, we know that this thing sometimes doesn't fill gaps at all. And that's its own uh thought event here. Here's another one at 5,070. That's a nice support edge. If you were a betting man and you're trading tightly at support and resistance, you could look at 5,094. If you want as a buy zone, the next gamma line is 5150. Notice where the call wall is. It's still at 5,000. Put wall for the zero DTE is still at 40. boot is 4,800 and the big foot wall is at 4700. So they have not moved uh their positions. What's happening here is that the market makers and people intent on buying this are they have to accumulate because you know they're underwater because they've sold the calls for people who are long the calls and whomever else is short the calls they have to buy to hedge. What is the measured move event here? Well, it's a little sticky. I don't know that it's terrific, but it appears to be about $20 wide, which puts us up almost at 5160. Wow, that's so shocking. All right, finally, let's take a look at SPY. This is Thursday and Friday's move. We're sitting right in the middle of this noise. It is so dramatically noisy. Floor for the day to consider is $687. Ceiling for the day to consider $691. That is going to represent relative resistance because it has for the two days. But the break out could send us to and then 695 with 700 at the top. And the break down from 687 could send us to 685, 683, 681, and then 680. What do we expect to see? More sideways event. We've got a huge tech week of earnings. We've got the FOMC, even though they're probably not going to do anything. And then there's what's going to happen if Japan has to intervene. I don't think that that's trivial. So, we shall see. Anyway, that's it for the morning, folks. I will see you on the streets. Take care.
