VIDEO 082: https://youtu.be/c8iJoFQqlJs

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Friday, January the 23rd, and this is the Moneyball morning report for the Benzinga Pro platform. charts by trendpider and gamma flows by menthroq. Let's start with the e- mini S&amp;P and have a look at what's going on. This is the 4hour chart. It's showing where the majority of supply is sitting above us and demand below us. From this 4hour perspective, we can see trend is down above us but up below us. We've got a crossurren certainly because that downward flow is not a pretty trend line. However, we've had many touches at the line near 6930. That's really going to be the line in the sand for today. And that line in the sand is squishy. It's like a, you know, a chubby marker. So with that chubby crayon, we can look at a low near the pre-market lows of 69.25 and some change or above all the way to 6940. So it's pretty noisy from that perspective if you're an intraday trader, but it does present as an area that's going to be a decision-making space. Let's collapse into the 30 minute and take a look at the range formations. First of all, this line that I gave us at 6934 was tested several times yesterday. And so what we can see in the past is how to deal with line breaks. First things first, old resistance, new supports, trend is forward. The anticipation of a break here implies that it's going to find support and try to recover. Why? because trend is generally up. We know that from the past, right? We fill the gap. Now, uh overnight inventory today is a little well, it's it's basically flat. It's basically flat. I'm going to remove the ray. I'm going to keep the line as important. But what I would like to do, actually, no, I'm going to remove that annotation and we're going to use the base of the pre-market session, the low as the line in the sand today. Below it, we're going to see sellers try to take the advantage. Now, again, what is trend? It's sideways, but it's also moving sideways from prior upward motion. So this accumulation of inventory is going to potentially suggest a couple of things. One, it breaks, comes into the demand area, bounces, and then fails. That's more downward flow. If there's the downward flow here, we're going to clone the measured move event and that's going to put us down at 6880. Now, the anchored VWAP from that line is 68.84. Let's create an alert there in the event that something like this happens. Okay. Now to find the lower edges, you just multiply the zones and walk through them. Okay, that's going to be the general area. Tremendous amount of supply here. That's probably the low edge. And that number is our 6830. And we know that number really well. That's where we had a very nice bounce zone from days past. going to do the same thing, create an alert. So, we know that's the baseline of support. Now, let's talk about the upside. If we come into this area and this break that we had earlier in the overnight is the low that holds, we're still in value area, right? The majority of the price action yesterday is inside of the price action. The price action today is inside of that. If we hold it, we go to the top of the box. So, we stair step through, right? If you want to say, "Hey, I want to take a long here." Nothing wrong with that. Your stop going to be a little bit wide. might be better to collapse into a tighter time frame and look for the line around 6834 to present as bullish and then once it gets over the VWAP um which is 68 what is that 6860 guys are very blurry this morning no 6840 then we've got ourselves some more upside into the supply zone and value area high that's around 6970 And then we have upward motion. What's likely to happen? We're likely to move to the north, right? We're at the bottom of the trend. Two days in motion. Trend slightly up. Momentum starting to lift. It is much more likely that we change direction to the upside. Okay, let's get to the NQ. Golly, my eyes this morning just not focusing. Let's go to the 4 hour 4our formation. Interesting. All right. Uh let's let's take a look at yesterday's low. That's going to be yesterday's uh trading area low. That's going to be our general range. And let's put yesterday's high as the contention zone for the breakout. Supply sitting above us 25,850. Boy, do we know that line. And then, excuse me, did I say 2500? 25,850. And of course 26,000 which is just above 26,000 is just above value area high. It's very interesting. We are back in the zone of value upward formations. We have the downward drift. Yes, but they are desperately trying to break it. And we've got this upward flow. Lot of demand. Foot wall still down at 25,000. Call wall is trapped here below us. Well, it's just breaking through 25,600 or so. Let's go to the 30 minute chart. See what's so the same sitting just as the ES is in range and in value of the prior days formations. The general flow has us up above value area high over the range of the days. Uh demand sitting well below us. We got an alert trigger yesterday. So I'm going to leave that line in the sand at 25,486. But we are making higher lows. So today's floor sits potentially at 25,500. And when I say a floor, I mean the dividing line between buyers and sellers. What is the trend? Generally upward. What does that imply? It implies the break is likely to bounce. It did it here yesterday and it did it here earlier this morning. So, this tells us that it's more than likely to head back up to the top of the box. What's the fly in the ointment? Well, one, anything could happen in the market. And two, our VWAP is essentially flat. And so, we don't have any pressure of buyer saying, "Hey, I want to go north. I want to go south." Whatever. What we are seeing is accumulation of inventory. And when we have accumulation of inventory, it can move all the way back and forth in between these lines before cresting to the top of the edge. So what do we want to do? We want to uh clone the boxes. on either side. See what essentially happens to. Okay, so the floor or the dividing line between buyers and sellers is this 25,550. Remember, because trend is up, there's a likelihood that it dips below and bounces then holds. So far, it's dipped just into the area. It's bounced and looks like it's holding. So, as long as we hold this floor, we've got upside pressure. If we lose the floor, we have downside pressure. What's What's the scenario telling us then? Wait until it gets to the edge or firms up better around here to take the position wall. Right? Anything can happen. We'll peek at the YM4 just a quick sec. also in range, also in value, still sitting in the box. However, they got to the top of the box yesterday and today fading. So, this is going to be pretty important for the YM traders. They desperately are going to want to see the recapture of this 29 49,500 area. That's going to be incredibly important. Otherwise, what it's done is bounced off of the floor of this upper range and failed to get the top and then lost that edge. So, right now, this looks like a short. This one looks like a short. That's interesting. Let's see. RTI. No, this one's still in an upward trend. Dips or buys? Definitely. How big might the dip be? RTY traders, probably a good idea to pay attention to the 2,735ish zone. That's going to be much more important for the price action to hold a very large supply zone at 2,710 in the tighter time frame. So keep your eye on that line as a pullback that holds that allows you to move to the north. Today looks very jagged. It is a Friday, so we do have a tendency to have these bullish formations on Friday, but the price action is incredibly jagged. Let's go to Bitcoin, micro Bitcoin. First of all, let's take a look at the 4 hour. We're still caught in this very choppy edge. Floorboard is rising. We've got an upward trend here. So, the recovery, it's in such a messy patch, but the the recovery of the pool wall is going to be incredibly important. And we know that number at 90,000, right? So, if we let's put an alert here at 90,000. That's the do or die line in my mind that separates the buyers and sellers from each other where the buyers take over the strength above 90 and the sellers have the strength below 90s. And so what the traders are doing is trying to hold value area low. The break below value area low gives us more downside pressure. It's very messy here. It's very messy. Supply levels below at 87. You know, if you're looking for an ideal setup, I do not like anything below 90,500 for long side pressure. I don't. And for upside pressure, I would be most content to wait until we get into the demand zones down here at 87,000 and watch for them to behave. This is my fault anyway. So that's that's what I'm staring down. Okay, let's let's take a look at net gas. United States is in a dreadful uh winter storm. It's covering literally half the nation. So that is going to put Nat Gas up. It's really trying to break through. It's essentially in range and in value. So the ideal buy zone is somewhere down here at 37. If we actually get a chance to test that zone, that would be ideal. Notice what's happening at the tops. This is not a higher low, higher high formation. They are retracing each other. So if you consider we had the breakout there. Notice it breaks out and fades. So the actual intraday trade is a short here. It breaks out again and it still collapses. So watch the breakout hold above this zone. But we still have so much supply here that it makes it very dangerous to be long. Essentially, we wait on the path that gives us that upward flow up over the top. That's the first resistance zone. Let it come back and we buy the dip. Okay, I want to put an alert there, but it's too close to price. Let's take a look at oil. 4hour chart shows oil finally lifting up over $60. That's that suggests it's moving to the top of the inventory accumulation box, which is right around $61. It might we might call it uh $60.80, 80 cents, but it it could just push its way through an alert there. Really, we expect it to reverse and then pull back for that inventory to hold the edge. I still like the dip buying formations here. At any point in time, the price action can move right back down to the bottom of the box. It's not showing any clear continuation, only accumulation. from a big perspective. And so what we do is wait for that box to resolve properly if we intend to sit in a trade for a long period of time. If we are scalp traders, we know that the top of the edges are going to give us a great zone for resistance as a long as it does not break through the highs and pull back for a higher low. We can't see that. If we come in, if we break out and then pull back for a higher low, it's got more upward flow. So, it would be the look above and go. All right. Very messy chart formation. Probably not going to look any better on the 30 minute chart except it clearly shows all the supply up there. You want to be very careful staying long doesn't mean you can't be long. Staying long and not making higher lows and higher highs tells you that something is in the mix. So, you want to be careful there. Let's take a look at silver. It seems pretty evident that the traders want to test 100. What happens after that? I don't know. I mean that clearly there's a it feels like a a a game here. They're trying to game it into that 100. Not that it matters one way or another. It really doesn't how it's getting there. But that is a very important line in the sand. Take a look. This is why I talk about inventory accumulation and then distribution. We sit in the box and build inventory. The breaks reverse and then they break out. But test after test after test after test after test and then holding the congestion zone suggests that the upward pressure event is going to win. And that's exactly what happened here. breakout action and in the overnight brand new highs $985. We're probably easily going to test 100. What do you What do you expect there? I don't have any clue. What I do know is technical analysis says in an upward trend dips or buys. What's our overnight inventory? It's very long. And of course, the traders don't care that it's long. They they don't really care at all. [snorts] They don't care about correcting inventory is what I mean. We broke out of these edges. All of these are breakaway pads. I'm going to remove that alert, but leave it as a line that shows that it did trigger as an alert. And the next resistance slashnew support is 96,000. That's pretty far away from excuse me $96. That's pretty far away. Wouldn't that be funny? 96,000. Holy cow. So, um, what do we want to see here? We had a pretty solid dip, but the inventory event looks to be around and about here. Let's clone that. Yes. See, it comes to the bottom of the box right around here. Old resistance, new sport. It's going to stair step its way up, cloning to the top. So, frontline support for the buyers taking a bounce is $97.50. 50 and then this 9660 $96.60 below is the real breakout area. So our breakaway formation looks like $9920. And that's what we're staring down, ladies and gentlemen, right there above the VWAP. Trend is up. momentum is a little mixed, right? Because the VWAP is flat, but those pullbacks into $98.30 and 37, they look pretty good. They look pretty good. We probably will trigger all of these today in some form or fashion, but this is headed to more than likely we see price action pointing to 100. And then you know it is what it is. Value area high $96.60. We could have a test there. Not sure if we will. Okay, let's take a look at gold upward flows doing very nicely almost again. Does it look like they're going to try and kiss the call wall at 5,000 for gold? I'm going to say yes. This is why we look at accumulation and then distribution. We can see smaller pockets of that moving back and forth, but the big pockets really tell us where the breakaway formations are. Let's go to the 30-inut chart. See what the traders are doing. A pretty sideways accumulation event into the end of the day and the overnight. So that inventory box we clone. We can see it broke the bottom of it and then recovered. Traders are going to want to get above this 4,9 60. Maybe it's above the VWAP. Clearly a line in the sand. What What do we do there? I would suggest that we wait on the line in the sand on until it gets there and watch them duke it out on maybe a 5minute chart and decide where you want to go. Supply sits above 49.88 4988 supply there could easily squeeze it to 5,000. Let's clone this and our new line and then another gamma line from MET Q at 5,030. We did break through yesterday. We broke through the breakout line of 4900. That was our breakaway formation. It could sit easily as a support zone in general. It could look at the this is value area heavy heavy congestion in the zones between 4860 4840 to 4870. Right. Okay. Let's put an alert for the breakaway. My brain is on standby. Perfect. We can see the breakaway line. $4,989. That gets us all the way up to 5,000 and beyond. Who' have thought it? Who would have thunk it? All right, let's take a look at SPY. SPY is still in heavy congestion on the 4hour formation, but certainly rising. Same sort of pattern. Higher lows, excuse me. Yes. Higher lows, lower highs. The break is going to give us a pressure event. value area high $691. Very I think it's that's a key level. I suspect that is a very key level. Below us, we have supply and support at $685. Let's leave these areas as our key support zones. We have not tested them. We are moving up. We can say, hey, if I see 687, I could try a buy. However, it's probably a better consideration to look at the alert above and choose that as a breakout. That's what I would do. That's what that's that's what I suspected it would be better to do. Here's here's what we're looking at. Now, this looks like a penant, right? Holding a floor with a lower high. If it holds the floor with the lower high, penants often break in direction of the pole. Everything appears to look to the upside. That being said, dips are still the buys. The breakaways, you have to really make sure that you can handle the risk of the breakaway failing. And so far, every single high we've made, we faded out of it before breaking into a higher low. So, we just need to watch out for these areas that top and exhaust themselves at the top of supply. And that looks like 691. Okay. All right, everybody. Take care. I know long. Just zip through which piece you want. I just wanted to get a lot of them there for you. You know what's going on. Be careful. Trade small, light, and tight. Take care.
