VIDEO 083: https://youtu.be/5sfuyyF20Qw

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, January the 21st. My name is Anie Band and this is the Moneyball morning report for the Benziga Pro platform. What we are looking at is uh downward flow. We've broken supports. Uh our trend spider charts are really good at showing us where our alerts went off. I have removed those alerts but left the lines so that you know they were alert breaks. The VWAP is up here at 694 in this E- mini S&amp;P chart. this area yesterday that we had into the close big selling orders, thousand lots, 500 lots over and over and over again and then into the GlobeEx open where we had the same thing happen. Now, we held that low all through the night and just broke it. And we did not break it with a tremendous amount of volume, but we have seen several 200 lots, a 500 lot or so in the selling pressure moving down here. So, what do we want to expect? Well, we want to expect that the they're actually shaking out the weak hands that have decided to go long or the weak hands that have decided to go short, right? They're shaking the tree right here at this ledge. So, what do we want to do as buyers? We want to see 6822 hold. If we're sellers, we want to see it fail. But in the midst they're going to battle, right? And so what we have to look for is how far can we bounce before the next big order opens up. And my thought is the support floor is 12 points away. So here's the thing. I've got the alert here, right? for being above 6834 puts us in the box at 68.50 up to 68.50. As long as we're below 6850, we're going to be selling is my thought. Doesn't mean that bounces will not be there for us to sell. Notice the trend events here is a bounce that sold and another bounce that sold. Okay, big big moves from the downside pressure. So, what do we have? Uh, looking at here, we've got the recovery of this area. If it were me, I would say, hey, this looks like a pretty good buy zone. See if we can get a reflexive buy first into 6829 and then 6835. If it can't hold this zone, we know we've got downward more downward flow. And the port wall is at 6,800. The daily minimum low, the the max low calculated is a 6760. We'll put an alert there, but we'll just have a look at it. It is sell the bounce. That is the formation that we are in. doesn't mean that you can't buy the bounce, but you better be careful about where you enter and where you exit. Okay, so that being said, we're now we're looking at the NQ. Same sort of thing, right? Let's go to 4 hour and take a take a look. It's coming to the bottom of the range put wall or the zero DTE and the call wall very close to each other here near 25,000. The zerodt put wall is 25,025. The the big put wall is at 25,000. That's generally our floor. Same sort of selling pressure coming in the NQ. This was, look at this intraday bounce. What a monster, right? And then it still collapsed. We had a really nice short trigger at 25,396. I'm going to remove the alert, but you know, it's a line that has been triggered, right? Because it's red right there. Now, what are we staring down today? Value area low. Again, that should be the number that the buyers need to get through in order for buying to become more stable. So far not not going to look at at that particular thing as the be all end all. It could reflexively give us another one like this. this sharp upward flow. But for now, I expect buyers here at this edge. Just like in the ES, very close to the P walls should bring buyers. First line in the sand going to be 25,125 or so, right? 25,100. I I like the congestion area as the target. So 25,118 25,120 something like that. If it breaks there, it's going to be back in this accumulation zone, right? So we want to we want to be careful. We want to be careful about that. But that's the bounce zone right there. What could we do? Big money continues to hedge. They continue to put uh uh create downside pressure risk and uh price action just looks very very messy. They are retracing. So don't sell the lows on anything. Uh don't buy the highs. Um just watch for support to hold and try the reflexive moves. Right? They're big giant ranges that inevitably fail. And that's what we're seeing. All of these patterns are giving us this broad breakdown formation, right, that that we're watching. So that's what we're staring out. If we break 25,000, not not sure that we will, but if we do, today is the do or die for the buyers in my mind. If we break 25,000, 24,800 is the next line in the sand. Uh let's jump to Bitcoin. Let's look at the 4 hour. Now, remember what I said about this measured move? I said, "Hey, listen. Here we are. It's got to hold here. If not, it's going to break down and come back into the lower edges." And that is exactly what we're seeing. Remember, a lot of people are thinking this is the Greenland effect. This is a currency situation with a carry trade that's seizing liquidity. So when liquidity leaves the market, prices fall. It just is the way it is. All right? And so this responds to liquidity very much because I believe this is a risk on uh instrument to trade Bitcoin. And so that's what we're staring down. First test of 87,700 just got hit. Now we're going back into this heavy congestion. A lot of demand under here. Don't really expect it to break down there, but I wouldn't be unsurprised to see it test value area low. And that's 86,000 800 or so. Right. So that's what we want to look at. We did have the break of 91,000 as I mentioned. Hey, listen. They're going to try and buy this one up. They did. Couldn't get back up over 92. So, the breakdown there has given us this red line at 90,000. Recapturing it is going to be good for buyers. Uh the failure to recapture, not so good for the buyers. The VWAP here is at this 90,700. It's got to get back above 90,000 or it's headed back to 86. And if we do a measured move, the base of the demand zone looks like the halfway point right around here at 84,000. And then the base of this area is 82. Put wall still at 80,000. Call wall still at 94,000. All right, let's take a look at that gas. Been trading that. Why have you been trading that? Oh, cuz it's moving straight up. Now we've got our first line of resistance. That's 343 for this uh instrument. I am going to cover here. Could it move all the way up here? Yes. But uh I I'm not going to go after that one. I am going to put an alert here above 347. Actually, I only care if it breaks through. Going to put it on 347 and see uh if we move there. My suspicion is that it comes down and builds some sort of inventory event, maybe even uh the good old head and shoulders pattern that comes back down into the zone and then moves up one more time. The extreme cold always does this to the NAT gas futures. All right, we've done Bitcoin. Let's go to oil. Oil is uh oil is moving along. Here's here's what I said yesterday. My thought was that if we got above 6040, it would be a breakout zone, but it wasn't. So, what is the story board here? The story board is the following. If it breaks above a level and immediately fades, it must recapture that level or the premise is wrong. All right. So, this I believe is the same sort of thing. I I still believe that there's a long above the $60.40. It's uh it's broken through, but I expect a retest. So, going to wait for the retest, see if it holds, and then the long. There is a low here at 5870 has not been triggered, but it could uh I value area low in Man, can you guys tell that my brain is on standby, man? Value area low 5950. I'm going to put an alert there. take a peek at how this one functions. If it breaks through and then retests, we've got ourselves uh a pretty nice trade. As for now, the break above $60.40 leads us into the first supply zone, which is 61, and then the second supply zone at 62. Okay. So, that being said, that's uh that's what we're staring down. Could we fall right back into this range? Yes. Just be careful. I think this is a breakout zone, but yesterday it was a fail zone or short. And so, we got to think about, hey, maybe it's one of these again, right? If you take the breakout and it does not continue or pulls back and breaks below your breakout candle, you know something's wrong. Clip. Don't stay in the trade. All right, let's take a look at gold. Oh, shucks. Let's take a look at silver. All right. What is silver doing? It's coming in a little bit. It's very compressed. Let's take a look at the 4-hour candlestick formations. And let's let's remove all these annotations. Okay, 4our candlestick formation shows price action extremely rangebound. Right? Sometimes we can look at this and go, hey, if it breaks the trend by time and not price, meaning it's holding the floor but not breaking a new ceiling, it usually moves in the direction of trend. Call wall up here at 100. Put wall down here at 78. Could this be where it's going? Potentially. But see if it can't get up over this 9520 it's having a problem. And remember the breakout when we see breakouts or breakdowns in silver usually these metals they will break out run all the stops and then break down. Now they can break down and then recover but these first breaks are always fakes, right? They're fakes. I can't say always. Most of the time they are fakes. So what are we staring down? Higher lows. Demand zone 93. If it loses that edge, we go to the base of support, which upon recovery could give us a pretty nice buy zone. But my suspicion is we've got a do or die here at about 93. above buyers below sellers. What do we have here? 9220. That's the base of this formation. And then the zerodt put wall is at 9130. And then value area low is here at 90 which includes a gap. Notice where the traders are battling. See this 30-inut open from several days ago. They battled here. Resistance, support, resistance, support, resistance, support, support, support, resistance, support. I'd venture to say they're coming right back there. Right. I' I'd venture to say that if they get in then we'll have to look at I think we'll have to look at Fibonacci, right? If they get into that uh space and that gives us oopsie that gives us um 50% marker at $92.15 which is right about where we're sitting right in terms of that ledge. We'll create uh yeah, we can't shift that one. So, we can create a line here at this fib and choose the breakthrough for fib level, right? But my suspicion is it is going to come down into these ranges. This is very heavy accumulation. They're going to shake the tree and then very likely turn around. All right, let's take a look at gold. Gold looks pretty different, doesn't it? It looks really different. It's in a breakout formation. It's holding its edges. Let's remove all the annotations. See what we're seeing. So, we had inventory accumulation, distribution up this way, another area of accumulation, and it's been in distribution all night up at these levels. Is it finally getting to a topping event? Looks like it. You've got some new pockets of supply showing up. So, the break above Okay, the call wall is at 5,000. The put wall is at 4470. So the break above this is the retest. Remember the breakout is always uh you can never say always. It's often a fake that comes back, holds support and then breaks again. Okay, so we want to watch for the break of 4,900. and then see how it holds. My thought is the breakout and then the pullback. It's also a fair buy zone right around this 4836 area. I know that's really far away from where we are right now, but that's the best I've got for a good trade. We've got a range that is really troublesome, right? We gota we got to watch out. Sorry I say right so much. We're going to leave this alert. We're going to leave this line right here. We'll put an alert. See if it does anything right here. Okay. All right. Let's take a look at spy. SPY broke down, moved all the way into the supply zone to the top of it and then faded on the close. It's breaking down. We are underneath the pull wall which is 680 cyclical 4 hour and let's do ourselves a favor and remove all these annotations. Okay. So, what we are seeing is the zero DTE uh put wall at 675. We're seeing a few buyers around here. Some wicks starting to show up, but it is a pretty bearish zone in general. Getting above 680 is going to be very important for the buyers. So, we're going to put an alert right there, right at that foot wall. above 680. The buyers are going to try and force us back into the top of supply which is 685 and then you know the continuation of this gap which is such a mess. This is such a messy chart. Holy smokes. We are in clear distribution. A lot of demand underneath, right? Lot of demand underneath. But the next line in the sand is 670. Oops. So, we'll put an alert there. 670. My suspicion is that we really are just taking some steam out of the market. Let me just compare what the RTY Okay, it uh pulled down, bounced. Notice it's doesn't look like the ES and the NQ. So, they are running for cover in here, trying to have more of that. But eventually if price action fades and it's a real fade, everything breaks down together. So the YM is kind of following suit with the ES and the NQ. Now we lost the 49,000 and now here we are at value area low on the 4 hour. That's 48,600. I suspect the traders are going to try and hold this area. 48,500. It It feels like a do or die zone for these guys and gals. And so what we want to look for is a bounce that pulls back and gives us a higher low. It tells us rotation is here and we close above that zone or we bounce and we hit lower and then that sends us into this area of accumulation. Hard hard to say but you know this is what we're seeing just out of curiosity. Netflix breaking down. Very interesting. All right. So, they reported I'm pretty sure that um I I'm pretty sure that that will eventually get bought up, but really happy not to be playing that side of the fence. All right, everyone. Take care. I'll see you on the streams.
