VIDEO 084: https://youtu.be/HrzNZKCrb8c

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Tuesday, January the 20th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. My name is Amarie Band and we have charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. So what are we staring down here? Looking at the daily, we begin with the E- Mini S&amp;P. We can see that the sharp trend line upward was broken on Monday and today we have a continuation downward flow. The next line is a little bit like this. This one that's much lower. And we've got this big pocket that spent a couple of days below here and then recovered. So, as it sits, we could see some downward flow that more than likely bounces, but where it bounces to and stalls out is going to be very important. Remember, topping is a little bit of a process. And so, we've been sitting in this range for a while, right? If we move it all the way to the monthly, we can see that what the chart's been doing is spending the last 4 months in this range. And that is really important for us to consider, right? Gamma flows 6,800 for the put wall and 7,100 for the call wall. All right, let's just jump right in to the price action formation and let's see what we did. Now, last night a bit of a catastrophe um on market kickoff because I did not have audio for bit. Somehow that box had gotten itself unchecked. Um so onward upward first 30 minutes of the day I talked about listen let's take a look at the day before that was Monday and I said hey if we break down that failed retest is going to give us continuation but at the breakdown we get the first short it comes back into the support zone from the day before and then finally collapses. So, here's what we're staring down today. As long as we stay below 6911, we've got ourselves downward action easily. Sellers in control. We've started correcting some inventory here as the morning continues. So, we could have ourselves a test at 6890 or so. That's also a region that says if we fail it there, we've got continuation. But clearly, as long as we stay below 6911, we've got shorting action. That shorting action takes us into the zero DTE put wall, which we just bounced off of. That number is 6850. The big foot wall below is 6,800. There are some clear supply, excuse me, demand zones sitting in the region. It feels pretty heavy. On top of that, we know option flow is geared slightly bearish. It's hedging really. It's not all out bearish. So, they're hedging for downside risk because they have a lot of bullish positions sitting in play. All right. So levels to watch 6850 put wall below that continu continuation to 6,800 below 6890 potential resistance and the big wall of thou shalt not pass if the traders that are bearish stay in charge. That's 6911. Above 6930 we enter the gap that was created on Monday. That gap takes us into 6975. I'm going to put also an alert at this area. And that is 6932. Filling of the gap is going to be pretty important. Oh, isn't that interesting? Yeah, let's do it. We'll put an alert there. Maybe it doesn't fill today. The world feels a little bit bearish, but that's because I've been reading the news. All right. Um, the news sort of skews everything that our mind might see. Okay. You can see it's broken just like we can see in the ES. This is the daily chart. I'm going to remove all the annotations. Start the week fresh. The bigger picture event for trend line formation looks like this to me from all the way down here in September where the when the this particular contract just started trading. You can see that we've broken the ledge. We had a steep ledge of pressure from Monday's breakdown and so far no strength to hold it. Call wall way up here at 26,000. That call well has been there for weeks, weeks and weeks and weeks. It has not shifted. Foot wall 25,000 looks like. Make sure we have those lines there for us. Let's uh let's take a look at the monthly. See what's going on here. Same thing. 1 2 3 4. It's really retracing October, which was a monster month. And now it's trying to sit in these spaces. So clearly the loss of 25,000 is going to be a fairly important event if we do not recover it. Coming into the 30 minute, here are the same lines we were discussing. 30 minute low of Monday, 30 minute high of Monday support zone. So, let's call these numbers out once I get them in play. 30 minute low of Monday is really going to tell us what's going on. My thought is as long as we stay below this 25,400 area, the sellers stay in charge. Right now, we've got a reflexive bounce that is just above the put wall. The 0DT put wall is well above us at 25,600. So, it's broken through all of that. The point of control and the VWAP are almost the same number right now. Old resistance, new support. Looks like 25,660. I'm not sure we fill this gap today. The VIX is set to expire um this week. And when the VIX expires after the monthly expiration, we do tend to have ourselves quite a fairly big wiggle in price action. So, um, let's watch for that. Suffice to say, losing this 25,000 area is going to be very important. And recapturing the zero DTE at 25,600 also pretty important. But we could bounce above that 600 into the 650 area and then completely collapse again. The line in the sand that keeps uh that sends us into the gap is going to be 25,472. What's the trade formation telling most of us here staring this down? We can see that bounces are sells, but the dips are certainly buying, right? We just need to let them stabilize and see if it can hold and we can recover. If we cannot recover, this would be a sea change event because normally we just simply have been buying the dip. Couple of down days, whatever, and then we're off to the races again. If that changes, we'll have more downward flow. And so we have to be very conscious of that. Let's take a look at the YM. So if we take a look at the YM and we look at the monthly, this is very interesting. Now remember where foreign divestment first appears in the US market is in the Dow. And so it's a very important index even though even though Jack hates it. Um it's a very very important index and this is still trending higher but what we do notice is that the tops are getting sold. The bottoms are still holding but these wicks tell us that there is significant selling pressure at the top of the formation. Look at how many positive months this chart has had. 1 2 3 4 five 6 7 Seven of the last nine months have been green for this um instrument. It's been very strong going through the daily formation. We can see that it also has broken its ledge, but it's a bit more jagged, right? It's holding that region. That's that's very interesting. That suggests to me that there still could be a fair bounce zone sitting in this environment. All right, let's go to the 30 minute here very quickly. That's the number that we want to watch. 48,900. Wow. As long as we stay below 49,000, there's bearish formation here. But on the bigger time frames, this is a very very strong potential buy zone. So that's that's very very interesting. We'll need to watch that for the Dow. That number 49,000 going to be a line in the sand. Monday's 30 minute candlestick high 49,320 or so. That will put us in the gap. The point of control 49,474 the excuse me that was the VW 49,600 point of control 49,468 is the VW. Yeah, that's interesting. It's very, very interesting. If this were to be a measured move, let's take a look. This is a clear inventory accumulation event. Notice the break. That's the first break of its kind since the beginning of the year. So, it's not trivial. First step 48,640 would be the line in the sand below. And then for the measured move 48,200. We know that the line for a big break is at 48,000. So let's We can't create an alert here. That's interesting. Let's see if we can do it here on the 30 minute. Ah, that's bizarre. Okay, maybe it's because I had it I made it on the monthly. That might be why. So, that's what we're staring down. Lot of demand sitting down here in the YM. It's pretty interesting. Let's take a look at the RTY. Let's go to the big picture. Very big picture on the monthly formation. Same sort of thing. This thing has been in breakout for a hot minute. Sector rotation literally began in this chart in the month of May. We are now at a 2x No, no, that's one and a half. Yeah, the one and a half marker is at 2720. That's going to be the line to watch in my mind. This one has not broken down. Trending pretty nicely. Looks fairly solid. It's got a lot of room to run. baseline support 26,020. That's the number to watch. Let's go down to the 30 minute. It's got the same gap down. 26,000. 2620. Sorry, my friends. 2620, not 26,000. And the put wall below the put wall. Put wall is sitting at 2675. We broke that down. That's going to be the line in the sand for the sellers. As long as they can keep selling pressure on and they don't recover this area at 2675, this chart is going to continue bearish. But this chart and the Dow are very bullish. Whereas the E, not very bullish, more bullish and the ES and the ENQ are not. So very interesting formations for us to watch. Very interesting. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin's in a rotation. Let's uh remove all the annotations. We start fresh. We can see still a lot of upward flow from the monthly, right? Let's take a look at the daily chart. daily chart still has this flag pattern sitting on it, right? Still has a flag pattern. So, it's still trending up, trying to hang on to upward flow. Sort of collapsed um at the this is an important gamma line at the 98,000 area. That's a pretty big run all the way from 79, right? November the 19th to now. So, that's a pretty good piece of motion. The problem is still looks a little bit like a flag pattern, right? Here are two things to watch. It's broken this trend line that gave it downward pressure. So, now it's trying to recover. Put wall 80,000. The call wall is sitting right at this important line at 95,000 and the chart is really trying the traders are really trying to get up over this number 95,000. So let's dig in. Here's our 95,000. until they recover 95,000. The sellers are in charge. This one broke down on Monday hard, right? The 30 minute low of last night when we began trading 92,235. That was the line in the sand for me. The break below there gave us bullish pressure. So, as long as we stayed below 92,000, we've got that again. Big demand zone here. They're fighting at the 91,000 90,500. I think it's really closer to 91,000, but we'll leave it there. 90,760. That's the support floor. If we lose that, we've got more downward action. A lot of demand sitting at these 86 to 89 to 87, right? 89,000 to 87,000. That's what we're staring down. Let's see what I do. I mean, I think it's bearish. Little bit of a mixed bag. They are trying to recover, but it's pretty tricky until we breach 92,000 or we start building a base like this right over here that it looks the same. Could you try it at 90? Absolutely. Could you try the long at 90? Yes. demand zones. Um 90,000 look pretty good, right? But still that's 1,000 points of risk, 700 points of risk. I would it would be delightful if it came down into this 90,000 area and began to base. If you're a buyer, that's what would look very attractive in terms of of positioning. So that looks really, really good. tremendous amount of demand sitting at this 88,000 878. So we could watch for that, right? Watch for that. Some people are saying, "Hey, listen. This is the beginning of a head and shoulders pattern." I don't like head and shoulders patterns. I I think they're a bit obtuse, but people love them. What I am seeing is inventory accumulation really this look below and fail area just shook out all these traders who wanted to be long. So the range to me looks like about 86,000 to 90,000. There's a $4,000 pocket right here of accumulation. And so if they've got all this accumulating and they do the measured move up. Let's see what that does. Clone. And then if we clone it again, it looks like about half of that event is there. Oh no, it's one one. So one, two, 3x. That's what we're staring down. Holy cow. That is that's pretty extraordinary. All right, so we can see what's going on here. There's a measured move up and now they're rotating. They have to hold this 90,000 if they want to defend uh a fall back to 86. Otherwise, down she goes. All right. Um oil Oil's a bit of a mishmash. Geopolitically, oil can be very volatile if things look a bit crazy. But we can see on the monthly chart, what we have is a falling wedge. See this? The trend lines are certainly not uh equidistant. a lot of support sitting right around Wow. sitting right around 50. Uh, you know, 50 is a pretty good buy zone. Um, wow. It's if this fails, it is going to be ugly. I'm not quite sure why it would fail, but we could see some pretty low oil prices if that does not hold. Let's take a look at the daily. It's pretty much a mosh bit in here. Um, but the range tells us $56. to $62 is where we're sitting and we're right in the middle of it. Put wall 55, call 70. Okay, that's big folks. That's hedging for something geopolitical. That's a very big move for the call wall. Very big. I don't know if it's the Iran thing, you know, God bless those people. They've just I have so many friends that are Iranian and their government is just Anyways, um we're breaking out of this downward wedge uh this channel event. We're breaking out and up. So, it's holding that 70 is a big fat deal. That is really a big deal. Holding the ledge above 58 is going to give us bullish action. Let's see what we're staring down right now. Yeah, we've got a floor for the day. Support zone 5870. We lose that. We've got some more downward pressure. We should should should could easily break down and then recover. So, you want to watch for the recovery of that line if it does occur. If not, it heads to $58 below. If we're taking a look at where supply is sitting, clearly at 60, we've got a ton of action, but any news could blow this off of the top. My thought would be the breakaway above $60.35, $6040. I think that run through is going to give us more aggressive buying into potentially some anchor VWAP 61.22. The next supply zone is up there at 62. And as we know, that's the top of the range for the price action over uh the short-term clutter that we've had. We've been building volume for 1 2 3. This is the fourth day sitting in that range. If we do a measured move here [snorts] upward, it gives us 6150. downward, it gives us 5723. And of course, you can see that upward flow again into 63 or so, right? So, it's about, you know, a little bit over a dollar wide, but it could really start to move. All right. Last night, we played net gas. It gave us um a pretty solid bounce off of the floor, right? Price action is really pretty terrible here, but NASA should build upward pressure. Wow. The call wall is down here at $4. Why does this look weird? There we go. This is what we're staring down. All right. So, here's the break of the formation. The put wall is $3. Lots of supply above us. fair bit of demand below us, but it had a nice bounce pattern, gave us a long and then uh is now double topping. And so what do we have here? A move above 302 gives us more upside pressure. This one's going to be very volatile. Watch the weather. You got a lot of solar flares today, particularly a lot of magnetic interference in the skies, but old resistance is support. So, between $2.90 and $3, we've got some nice upward flow. This chart is looking fairly good to trade. All right. Uh, silver Silver breaking out again. Had a big upward move. Let's go to the daily. Let's uh delete all the annotations. Silver starting a new week. It is it's moving a little bit differently than um gold. It's this is absolutely parabolic. Still expanding in range. Put wall 7830, call wall 85, and max gamma events 95. That's very interesting, right? So, let's let's go into the daily and see what it's been doing. 1 2 3 4 5 days, but it's finally broken out above this 93 area. $93818. The real floor right now in my mind is $90. If the traders lose $90, I think there's a $4 clip to the downside to 86 and then to 82. Do I think that's going to happen? I think the the traders would love to see 100 here. I think they're just trying to push the price action to the north. 30-inut formations in the overnight show a breakout above 94,700. Low of the 30-inut candlestick 93,800. So, as long as we stay above these levels, I still believe that 93 even is uh a stronger support zone. But I see a ton of demand right there at $9240. We got to watch that. As long as we stay above $94.74, this chart is in big upside pressure still. What's the measured move? Let's look at it. To me, it appears clear. We've got a high here and then a high here that breaks and then holds. So clear on the bottom, a little sticky on the top, right? Might be a few pennies off there, but let's clone it to the upside. If you clone it to the upside, $9647. Next line in the sand. And then we'll clone it up one more time. $98.30. Looks like it's going to be a slow grind to it to to 100 if it happens to do that. Right. Also another geopolitical event particularly but we lose the zone. We can see that 90 is a pretty fair big fat round number also a big gamma line from menthq. So we'll be watching those two edges but dips certainly or buy zones just let the chart come to you. Let just let it come to you. Let's go to the gold futures also breaking out. Let's take a look at the monthly chart here. Still on a rocket ship. Call wall is 4,800. Put wall 4,000. Wow. $800 width. That's crazy. All right. The daily chart still shows by the dip. It's very strong. Very, very strong. Oh, for heaven's sakes. Still solid upward trend. Actually has broken through it. We have a pretty interesting inventory accumulation event between 4662. Oh, we know this number. We know these numbers. 4600 to 4660. That's what we're staring down on the daily. Let's see it on the 30 minute. See if we can find it. Looks like it's actually 4600 even, right? So, we're going to put an alert there. Then we had a $35. No, that is 50. Yeah, we had $50 of accumulation as it were. Maybe even a little bit more. $60 and then it breaks away. So 60. Wow, look at this measured move. This is going to be a doozy. Look at this. Right. So we clone it up once. It takes us to this resistance area. We do it one more time, it takes us to 4770. So that's the next target we're staring down. We are well over the upper edges of uh a breakout formation, but 671 is a pretty nice retest zone. I don't know if we're going to get it to be honest. I really don't. We could easily stay above 4730. That would be the first place you might consider a buy zone. 4737. Let's create an alert there. And then we know the measured move. Dips are clearly buy zones. Clearly, we've got price action holding. We've got the call wall again 4,800 and the put wall um the zerodt put wall is at 4500. So, we've got some good things to look at. Finally, let's take a look at SPY as I talk for way too long. SPY lifting off of its edge. You know, we did not trade on Monday here with SPY. And so, now it gapped down into the put wall at 680. The call wall is way up here at 694. Price action trying to hold, right? Let's go to a monthly chart. This looks a lot like the ES four months in a row just holding on to a spec specific level. So it does look very very similar. It did break the technical formation for this line. Um, let's see what we can do here. One, two, three, four. Yeah, look. We've got a few touches right here. Also a pretty solid bounce zone right where we sit at 680. So, you know, that could be your floor. 680. It loses 680. We've got a dollar to 690 and another bounce. Could we have a bottoming formation here or just buy the dip? This is the thing we have to be concerned about. If it's just by the dip, it's going to chase through everything. So really, the buyers are on alert. They've been told, "Hey, listen. You better get this up or the sellers are going to step on your neck." Okay? So, let's remove this alert, but then let's keep the same alert at 687. That would be where the chart would go first. There is a gamma line at 685 and another one at 68350. Okay, we can stair step our way up. Here's the thing, folks. Just watch this. As long as you make higher lows and higher highs, you're going to have yourself upward rotation, right? If it starts dipping, you can zoom out and go, "Well, wait a second. Is my 1 hour or my 1 hour moving up?" Well, yeah, they are. My four hours moving up? Yeah, they are. Right off the open of this edge. And that's really what we want to look at the open of the chart here where it begins to start printing. And to me, that seems pretty important. That $680. If we get a chance that it comes in here, let's watch to see it bounce. If it holds the bounce, then we continue. If we think it's going to hold the bounce and we buy it at 681 and loses 680, you know, we got a little bit of a squishy action here, but I think you would cut and run, right? So, a lot of things to watch here in the near term. Okay, everyone, take care. That's it. I'll see you on the streams.
