VIDEO 085: https://youtu.be/goE8PcWOWAc

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hello everyone. Today is Friday, January the 16th. My name is Amarie Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. charts are by Trendpider and MenthQ gives us our very strong gamma lines that we can use through the day. We first begin looking at the E- Mini S&amp;P and we can see on the daily chart that we are still in a bounce to the upside as I mentioned about that value area that we were staring down earlier in our recent formations. It puts us at a bounce zone that then sends us back to the top of the daily value area. And so that is what we are staring down as our next target, right? 7019. Let's collapse into the 30 minute. See what happened yesterday with our um levels. We had the top level and I said, "Hey, listen. If we hold above, if we hold above this area and can't get above 7,04, we've got ourselves a fade. Look at how sticky this was. It broke, went to 7,10, pulled back, and then held that 696 zone. that second test or third test depending on whichever moving average you're looking at gives us that floor of support. And so that second test at that 7,000 area gave us the long into the value area high. So if [clears throat] we tested this value area high, the question now is can we recover it? And so we are going to put an alert here. We're going to make it tight. And the thought process is going to look exactly like this one. If it comes into the area and fails to breach, oh wow, that's about 10 points. If it fails to breach 27,027, uh, then the pullback test is going to be the decision zone. Could you trade the breakaway here? Well, I would say as long as your VWAP is under you and you're looking at tight time frames and those tight time frames are showing candlesticks that are higher lows and higher highs, yes, you could chase it up. Here's what's building though. There is a supply zone sitting up here and that is going to cause a little bit of um resistance in my mind below yesterday. I said, "Hey, listen. We are very likely building a demand zone at around 69.85. I think I put that in um the chat on the YouTube for TopStep TV. And we can see that that's ex that's exactly what we did, right? That's exactly what we did. So the line in the sand here to me is that 6985 to 69.87. If we lose that zone, let's call it let's call it the low of the 30 minute open, right? I think that's what 60. What is our low here? 69.8275, right? Let's do that. I'm moving at the speed of dirt today. Let's hope I don't take as long as yesterday's video. 6982. What did I say? 75. Yeah. All right. And let's put an alert here. It's also where the VWAP is sitting off the entire formation. And so now we've got our do or die levels for the day. Right. If we lose this 69 82 area, we've got a little bit of noise, a demand zone that is sitting at 74, but also makes eight points that we can say if we lose it and everything looks nice, ha, we are under the VWAP, we are under our tight moving averages, we've got negative drift, all of those things going to make a difference. Okay, so that is what we are staring down in the near term here. We've got a little bit of a sideways patch going as it sits right now, holding above this 7,000 area. Now, this triggered, but it's still an important zone. So, I'm going to remove the alert, but I'm going to leave the line kind of red to help us remember, hey, that's an important zone because that's the ray where the trigger went off. All right. So above this line of 69.96 for now buying pressure below the line selling pressure into the next area of support and realize at the line these are the kinds of things that can happen. So you want to be careful if and then also I just want to say thank you to all of the folks who take time to send notes in the comments section. It means so much to me. And um to the folks that occasionally give me the down thumb, if you tell me why, I'd love to get better for you. That would matter to me. All right, so we've got demand zones underneath upward formations. We're still buying the dip. Could we have um news that might drive the market? Yes. The Supreme Court actually said, "Hey, we don't know when we're going to rule on these tariffs. We'll let you know." And so the next time they convene is actually in June. So I don't know what's going on with that, but that might be the only thing to royal the market at the end of the day dips or buys. And we still have bullish pressure. We've got big earnings cranking up into next week as well. We'll have to see what's going on. Let's take a peek to see what is happening today. Industrial production, housing market index. Not that much, right? Not too much going on. Holy cow. Where's my chart? Okay, let's go. Let's take a look now at the ENQ. It's like 45 degrees here. It feels absolutely incredible. So, and I am in Florida, which South Florida, GF Coast South Florida, so it's pretty cold. People are losing their mind. Saw them in parkas yesterday. It was hilarious. But anyways, moving on. Daily chart. Dips are still buys. It's not as strong up here. Lot of supply sitting in this zone. So, these are the areas that we're still going to watch right up here at 26,100. The dips have come in pretty solidly. Uh let's see what we've got here as a support floor. 25,400. That reminds me of a gamma wall. And indeed it is. Okay, let's take a look at what happened yesterday. I said, "Hey, good sell zone. If we get to the top of the range and we cannot expand when we lose the range, there's the short." Okay. And where does it come? Well, trend is up, momentum is up. This tells us, listen, we don't have too much of a shot for a great big short in the near term, but we can go down into the VWAP. And that's really essentially what we did. We have a topping formation, and now we're trying to hold the baseline event. This is the put wall for the zero DTE. This is the major gamma wall that everybody's watching. That's 25,800. You know, we were looking at that 850 zone for a long time. And 750, of course, pretty important. So, where are we going to put the triggers today? The low of the 30 minute candle. What is that number? 704. Hang on. Yeah, 704. That's going to be the number to watch as the absolute floor for the day. We do see demand. We see demand structure here at 25,674. So, I'm going to put that line just under the gap, right? 700, give or take a little bit. It pulls back into there. should see buyers at the first pass and then we'll know what goes on after that. All right, supply pretty hot and heavy up here. We could easily go through it, but you want to watch it. The call wall 26,000 still. That's also value area high. So, today is Friday. Fridays tend to be bullish. You know, let's anticipate that this is where the traders are going to try and take us, right? They're going to try and take us there. Would I love a gigantic flush? Oh, I so would because this would make a great buy zone down here at 25,400. It really, really would. It'd be a nice place for the chart to just, you know, get its wiggles out. Number one, it's a really nice dip off of all of this consolidation. If we can get right back up into the zone, we'll just build more solid structure in the chart. Okay, so recap. Lines in the sand today. Um, tough. I would say it's a range. And so we've got a range between 25,700 and 26,000. So far, dips are clearly buys. If we want to structure it out this way and forget about the other lines here that were making a higher range, absolutely clearly dip buying formations and dips at the zero DTE put wall. Not a bad idea. That's that 25,750 that we've watched day after day after day. All right, let's get to Micro Bitcoin. This thing's been running off the rails. Let's take a look at the daily. Okay, still in a bit of a rebound event, right? We might call this a flag pattern. We might. I mean, it's an ugly flag. It's a flag that you want to take and repair because it's got jagged edges, but it could easily be a flag. Now, the flag, if it continues to hold, implies this move up through all of this thin volume back into areas of congestion. Those key areas of congestion on any kind of break, 99,000, 100,000, let's just call it that. And then the next one would be 104. Yeah, something like that. Heavy congestion on the daily formations. That's certainly what I see. Let's go to the 30inut chart. See how price actions been behaving. See the triggers that went off. We can see the trigger at 98,000 went off 2 days ago. It has not repaired. It has not recovered above it. So, as long as we stay under 98,000. Did I say 89,000? I meant 98,000. As long as we stay under there, we are still trying to hold the base. Call wall 95,000. We're coming back to test it. But look at all this inventory accumulation, right? That is inventory all the way across. So what does it tell you? It tells you, hey, listen, you could easily buy that 95 zone. Let's remove this alert. And then let's remove the ray. And then let's build another alert. This 95,000 is pretty critical, but all the signs say that you can buy it back into 96,400 somewhere around there. Could be 96,000 even, but I think it's given us a little bit more action than that. But you can see there's about a th00and points there that you can use. If it loses this zone though, the next demand area is 93 937. It's this heavy congestion pocket. I'll draw a box there so you can see the inventory being accumulated there and then the breakaway formation that sends it up into the next area. So, just watch this. 95 a good zone. Do you want to sell it right here or buy it right here? No. I mean, these candlesticks are retracing each other. Where's your edge? Don't Don't mess around with that. Wait until everybody is buying here. Okay, I think I'll buy that. Make it that easy. Okay, literally make it that easy. Okay, let's take a look at oil. Oil's been a little crazy. Let's look at the daily. Look at the trend line and that savage break. Let's look at Let's see if we can draw another line that connects. Let's see if these three connect. They do not. All right. So, not going to not going to force any line. Well, let's see if we can get this one. Okay, those three connect. So, we got two of them were staring down on the day. Look, we are trying to hold this area. Value area low. traders try to pick it up at 58. We had an incredible trade uh yesterday off of the bounce of golly, where was it? It was off of the bounce of 58. No. Yes, it was off of the bounce of 58 and it went No, 50. Yeah, 58 and some change and it went all the way up to 60 and then stopped dead. It was absolutely beautiful. Great. And then it rotated all the way back down. So this this chart is still in consolidation. Still they have no idea which way is up. Remember the commitment of traders event says that most of these contracts are in backwardation. That means the forward month is pricing lower than the current month. So they're going to try and unwind that which should make deep dips that give us buy zones. That being said, I'm still looking for that 58 test um that gives us another opportunity to go long. It could be the 59 test that gives us that's the test I was talking 59. Um the 59 test could give us another go. But notice this framework is it's they're really pressing the envelope here, right? I mean, really, what in the world did I just move? All right. Uh, let's remove that line. And then all right, what we want to do here is set an alert for the base 5890. That's going to be buy zone action. It has been incredibly reflexive. You don't get any time to do it and it just goes absolutely berserker and runs all the way up. So, we just had another line test a bit ago. I'm going to remove that alert. Set a new one, right? It went up into let's see see all this demand. Excuse me. All this supply. It's trying to work its way through the supply. So, here's the thing. I'm just going to draw a line here because we're so close. It triggering is very likely. The buy stop is about 59.90. If it gets above there, it should rocket in a wick easily. Could rocket in a wick back into value area low, right? Traders are going to be looking to see how well value area low holds. It's going to be really important. So, if this value area does not give us resistance and instead turns into support, we're going to have another leg higher. We could easily see 62, right? So, we want to be very careful there. Inventory accumulation all the way to $6029. $60.30. I'm going to create an alert there. Right. That is I don't know that that is a go short area. It certainly is a take-profit zone. Right. If it begins to creep up [snorts] near the value area and it loses the edge, it is going to be a magnificent short back down into the heavy congestion zones which sit first at that 59 5980 and then down here at 5930. Absolutely beautiful formation. So I am creating an alert there as well. A little sticky. If you're staring oil down, these are going to be the zones to watch. All right, let's take a look at silver. Yes, we got to look at silver. Okay, let's take a look at the daily, right? Still on a rocket ship, although stabilizing a bit. Remember I said yesterday or maybe it was day before yesterday that spot metals are trading at a discount to the futures. So from a common sense perspective, it would sort of dictate that the futures need to come in to that edge where spot and uh spot is normally higher than the futures because it's always got a premium attached to it. Uh not so in the recent terms. So I would suspect that it comes in just a little bit. So, what we are doing is sitting inside the candlestick of January the 14th, which is what? Wednesday. This is Wednesday's candle. We lost the low of Wednesday, yesterday. And now we've got another lower high in here, but we're still holding the VWAP. Let's go to the 30. Look at how many of these triggers went off. Good gravy. All right, let's uh get uh let's remove these alerts and then let's set some new ones up. What is that? All right. How about if I do this? This is going to make it way easier. Remove all. Right. because it's it walked us up to the top yesterday. Great line in the sand for a short. I loved that setup yesterday. I did take it. I did not stay in long enough. All right, now let's take a look at what we're staring down. Okay, we have lower highs, demand structure, excuse me, supply structure sitting right above us. We have higher lows. So, what does that tell us? Uh something's about to come, right? We got something going on. So what do we want to stare down? Where is inventory accumulating? Well, inventory is accumulating in the top half of the value area right around here. So this 89 zone where we have I think that's the point of control. I'm not sure. This 89 zone is going to be that line in the sand. $89.70. You know how silver is. It's wicky. It's spotty. It moves up and down past these levels. Be careful. But as long as it comes into this area and holds the floor as support, price action will give us a bounce. Here's the thing. If we trade above 9190, we're likely to break out again into the supply zones. Now, while supply is building here, I would anticipate that if we fall below the VWAP and we lose the 89, if we don't immediately recover and then pull back and retest that 89, we are going to lose the level. And the next line below is going to be this uh method Q alert here which is 88. Huge number. Huge number 88. And then value area low, right? And the value area low could fall into that anchored VWAP and all of this inventory accumulation. But those are the markers that we are looking down. If per happen stance, this really starts to fade, people are still going to be buying the dip, but watch for the failure to test higher. That's always going to be that space where people go, you know what, I'm not buying harder than that. But if a lot of people decide they're going to short this and it squeezes, you know, we're off to 95, 97, and 100. So it is really very crazy. Call wall all the way down here at 86 and some change right that's huge. Put wall 85 and some change. Put wall well below at 78. So traders are on the back foot. They've had to buy up this inventory once it broke the call wall. And so ultimately for the end of the month they are hoping to get back below this 85 level. That's their goal. I don't know if that's going to happen. They might just end up having to roll this and take their lumps. Okay. So lines in the sand kind of tight today. 8970 9190. Above it more bullish action. Below 89 more bearish action. But still, let's not forget folks, this trend is still on a rocket ship, right? It's on a rocket ship to Mars or wherever it's going. Just be careful here. It's tricky. It's got a lot of range and only for those not of the faint of heart. Let's take a look at gold now. Gold totally different. Stabilizing a little bit. still on the updraft. It's had 1 2 3 4 5 6 days counting today in the range between 4595 and 4659. And so that gives us a nice pocket to look at. We can see it here. Looks like a great trading range. If it comes down into you, I love it. Right. Do I still have my alert set here? Yeah. Let's do it again. Remove. Um. Oh, that's the Okay. So, let's put this one. Let's put up a little bit higher. Right where the pockets of congestion are. 46001. It's a little bit wider. Could move down. Here's the thing, folks. See all this accumulation here? Days and days and days of it. Actually, let me do this. Days and days of accumulation. Look at how many. That is a big pocket. When it breaks, it's going to break hard, right? Do I know the direction? No. Here's what I know. They tried really hard to get up and over it in the pre-market. Gives it all up. fills the gap and then gets back to the old size. Here's the thing. Gaps down, hits the bottom of the range, tries to break out through the range. It cannot. Here we are trying to get up through supply. It appears to me that we have a very clearly defined trading range in the near term. Above 464950, it's going to give us some more upside pressure for about 10 points. That's 100 ticks. That's $1,000 per contract. So, uh, be careful. or if it comes into the base and loses this area at 4600 or so, we've got ourselves, you know, some downside pressure that we need to worry about, right? Because then there's the ZDT put wall at holy smokes, it's a almost $100 beneath it, $90 underneath it. This is the gap. It's got almost no volume sitting here. Shocking. All right. So, be careful. Cascade if we lose this zone. Upward flow if we hold it. All right. Lastly, spy for those of us that trade instruments, options, those sorts of things, you know, upward trend looks really sharp, really holding 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 days. 10 days in accumulation, right? We go to a 4 hour, we can see that a little bit more uh clearly. But I mean, look at this jagged wall. What what a noisy space. Again, as I mentioned, here we are at the base of accumulation. Here's the accumulation. Accumulation. Here are the demand structures that have built. We've got a little bit of supply above us. Here's the deal. We're caught between value area high. We should see sellers right around $696 or so. If we do not 698 and the call wall was 700. Ah, it's sitting here. The call wall is 695. That's very, very interesting. So the break above the call wall could send us into the daily max which is 698 and some change right we have a sideways motion we have dips or buys watch this trend line here the break below 692 that's the the VWAP action here I think value area low is the breakdown zone that we need to be careful about today we lose 691 one, don't look for longs until we get closer to the floor of the demand, which is all the way down here at let's consider 686 at that price marker and we'll see how it goes today. You know, if you've had a green week, just sit back and chill. Nothing hurts worse than having a green week and giving it up on Friday. How do I know that? Because I've done it about 6,300 times. Well, maybe not 6,300, but I've done it enough times for it to hurt and so I don't do it anymore. Um, just be careful and I'll see you on the streams. Take care.
