VIDEO 087: https://youtu.be/OE3TiSQy9qs

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Wednesday, January the 14th, and this is the Moneyball morning report for the Benzinga Pro platform. We've got charts by trend spider, gamma flows by month. We are looking at prices that are a bit rangebound but still trending to the upside. This is the big thing because as we look at the 30 minute formations and indeed just this segment of the 4 hour, it is showing us as you know trending a little bit to the downside. And so because of that, we've got ourselves a crossurren. Are we likely to be in a dip buying zone? Yes. Could that support be lower? Yes. Line in the sand today. 69.50. If it comes in there and starts chopping around, I am going to be pretty delighted. Now, here's what I don't like. This looks like an exhaustion candle, right? Not a ton of volume. So, it's not that's that sort of invalidates exhaustion because volume exhaustion usually has a ton of flows attached to it. But this one does not. The follow-through candles, however, yes. Okay. 30inut chart downward. We already know that we're looking at a 40 chart, 4hour chart that's upward. So, we got a crossurren of motion. When we have a crossurren of motion, there is going to be a battleground. So, be careful. This edge right here is a formation where we had inventory accumulate and then bounce out. So far, we're holding the midline of that accumulation event. That's 6966. My thought is the following. If we happen to lose this 6970, right? We want to watch for it to look below and go. Meaning, it looks below, but if it bounces, it cannot recapture this formation here. That's going to give us more downside pressure, right? But remember, when we have a cross current, it's much harder to trade. So, you want to be very careful and watch your risk. Upper edges 7,024, call wall still at 7,50, put wall at 6950. Dips are buys, but the dips could be deeper. Um, we have Supreme Court information coming out potentially tomorrow, maybe Friday. They keep kicking the can down the street. Um, you know, we'll see. We'll see what happens. All right, this just triggered 25,750. As we take a look at the NQ, move into the 30inut chart. You can see that it is bouncing through the same levels that I talked about yesterday. I said, "Hey, listen. Watch for 25,850 as a support floor. Look, look at how much it lost. 50 points of risk. If you just come in and go, "Hey, that's supposed to be support. I'm buying it." You're gonna get your face smashed. Remember, it's if and then. And that's what we're doing here. This is if and then. So, what is the and can we hold above 750? Now, if you say to yourself, "Hey, I think we can hold above 750." Your support floor will be 25,79. So you still got 50 points of risk if you choose to do it that way. Now you could also come to the candle bodies and make your decision. That's up to you. When we come into the bodies and we do that sort of thing, we tend to get a little bit chopped up. That being said, those candle bodies are holding this floor of heavy congestion. And so you could say, "Hey, I'm going to take it here and I'll let my stop be 25,737 and as I buy at 25,750, my thought is that I get to 25,800 and then I get to 25,850." Notice this is still in a dip buying zone. This line, this trend line says, "Hey, we could have a buy zone here. Momentum is mixed." Momentum is very mixed. And so it's going to take a while for the retesting of those zones. Where is the call wall? 26,000. Where is the put foot put wall? 25,600. That's where that's sitting. Right in the middle of this heavy congestion. It's a coin toss. If you take it long at 25,750 for me. I want to see a test of the min. I think this is the min the the minimum and that's 25,624. If it comes into that zone, I'm going to start looking for buys, right? I'm going start staring that one down. All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin. What a move. As I mentioned the last time we were together, I was like, "Hey, if you're thinking about shorting this, don't." Right? What were we staring down? We were looking at all of this motion that said buy the dip. Right? All of this pressure event that said by the dip. We had the breakout. Now, I did not have the trigger points. I did have the the 95,000 there, but I was like, "Yeah, maybe." Right. So, no idea that it would get to here. 95,000 is now a line in the sand. It is the call wall for the traders. They have moved it up to 95. The put wall is still down there at 80. So they are sitting in a space where they expect any kind of flow. Could you say to yourself, "Hey, wait a second. Isn't that kind of an inverted head and shoulders?" Sure. I mean, I wouldn't want to meet this person on the street. I'd be very afraid. But it could be an inverted head and shoulders. And that folks gives us another 8,000 to the north. So that's 103, which puts us up here at that Fibonacci. So where is this? Where am I drawing this Fibonacci from? Let me remove this Fibonacci here. Here's the big thing. See how resistance support broken floor broken floor broken floor recovery back up to resistance back down to support. This tells me that this is where the inventory has been accumulated. That's where we draw the Fibonacci and that Fibonacci gives us these upward trajectories where we get that 102 103. Okay, so that's what we're staring down. Next line in the sand. Oh, sorry. CR. Um, let's see if we can do that. Yes, we can do the gamma line. Right. The next one is 97,500 on the upside. Dips are buys. What can we look at? 92 to 91. 92 is sort of that halfway space. But if it comes in here and holds 95, I mean, you could buy it here. I wouldn't because I tend to be a bit more conservative. I would like for it to come down into these lower edges and give us some frontline support of the breakout zone that sends us up here into the north. Okay, so we've got a lot of price action. Things look really great. Bitcoin is on the run once more, but here we are at the top of the range and holding 95 is going to be paramount. If we cannot, 92,500 might be the next event that gives us a good long, but dips are definitely buys. You just don't want to go hog wild in there. Hog wild. What is it? Hog wild. Is it because the hogs are wild or because we are wild with hogs? I don't even want to go down that thought. But I I have no idea where hog wild comes from. Unless pigs get crazy, but I have not spent much time looking at pigs. Truly, I have not. Okay, let's take a look at oil. Remember, I did say to us, I said, "Hey, this one's about to get jiggy." And certainly, we have seen that it's really, take a look at the difference here, right? It's been a hot minute since we've been above this area. resistance is still at the 63 zone. We've got a lot of negative traction. But here's the thing, folks. There are a lot of people that are short the forward contracts and they are going to want to unwind if they see price action start really lifting. So far, we're still in heavy congestion. We're still looking at old resistance, new support. um 62 being that number. So, we want to stare that down and see how we do up here. See, we can see 62 being a nearterm resistance. If it holds, we're off to 6250 and then the max wall, the 1day max is 6317. Where's the actual buy zone? Down here at the break, 6128. Could you say, "Hey, I'm going to get involved a bit earlier. I'm going to get involved not at 28. I'm going to get involved at 50. That's fine. Open up the risk. Here is the large gamma wall and that's 61. I suspect that the traders gravitate towards that level. I will not be long oil unless it comes back and gives me this support floor test and I'm looking for about $60.50. That's my ideal. Could I come in and try to scalp it around 61? Yes, but I'm sure I'll get my hands burned. Um, so I'm much more inclined to come in at $60.50 and let it run to the top. All right, let's take a look at silver. So, silver's gone bananas as always. It's just always bananas. Um, it's had a lot of trouble staying above 20, excuse me, $90.20. and a supply zone is beginning to build up here. Doesn't mean it can't go through. It thought process is that the dip is going to give us a better uh price action event. So, what we have is negative momentum, but we have a flat VWAP, right? So, the VWAP is going to give us the baseline of support. That number is currently 8960. I'm looking for $89, which is essentially old resistance, new support. We've got that box filling. If not, then 8870 becomes the next line that I'm looking for. This is the call wall. It's at 8530, something like that. It's sitting right on top of the VWAP and the point of control. The port wall below here. um CME put an order uh a commentary out that's saying that um the margins were going to be based on some sort of weird percentage flow. I felt the language to be vague. I haven't gotten any um notes on my platforms that have said that it's actually um uh moved from my broker. So, you know, it is what it is. Pullbacks or buy zones, sideways formation. What do we normally do in silver when this happens? We we have sideways formation. Sits around, sits around, sits around, and then it bounces. Take a look at how the bounce gets measured. Here's our sideways formation, right? It enters a channel and then bounces and holds and bounces and then it does a breakaway. Very often it is retesting the breakaway event. Oh, come on, Fred. For the love of Pete. Okay, here we go. There it tests. Uh, did I get the wrong one? Yes, of course I did. Man, today my brain is like, oh, we got ourselves another Bitcoin move. All right. So, this is the top of the box. This is the extension. Notice I mean this this movement is so textbook. It's very Look at that. You see the accumulation flow. It breaks out to the upside. One X comes back. Retest the flow all the way up. One X another. My thought is let's wait for 89 and see what happens. Okay, so that that's my thought. That is my thought. Um although it could be breaking out right now. You never know. Okay, so let's take a look at gold. Uh gold is in a range, value area low, value area high, top of the range formation, momentum drifting over, could easily come to the 50% marker. That number is 46. That's about 4630. This is a pretty messy patch, right? It's holding the VWAP. Pretty negative traction. Look at all the things that are uh counter trend. Trend up, momentum down, uh moving average up, VWAP flatish, lower highs. This is a mess. Just let let the traders resolve this and then if it gets above 4665 4,665, you're off to the races. 4,687 and then 4,6 what is this number? 4,700. Wow. Or it comes back and settles down here. No clue which way this is going to go. So Sally is sitting uh I'm I'm sitting out of this. I'm waiting for the edges to tell me what to do. So far, um, everything's fairly sideways. Could I take the trade short down into here? Yes. But I don't want to. I I want to see it come into this really clean zone of 4600 where literally everybody is just buying. And then if they say, "Hey, I'm not buying it anymore. I'm going to sell." Well, here we go. All the way down. This is the highest gamma level sitting in the chart in terms of overall formations. And that is still 4500. The call wall in play is 4,800. The put wall, holy smokes, is 4,000. That's bananas, right? That's a very wide hedge. I mean, that is a really wide hedge. Lastly, let's take a look at spy. I feel like I've been recording for 3 hours. This uh wow. Okay, so I put these triggers on um yesterday. Okay, let's reset them. Let's remove this alert and then let's uh let's create an alert here. So, this is the upward breakthrough. We'll take a look at that. The green hedges give us that um you know the this the sloppy zones. So, let's remove this alert and then reset it. We'll make it tight. We just want to break through. And that is 692 on the upside. On the downside here, let's uh remove the alert here. And then let's use this gamma line as the one day min 687. Let's use that. Right. This is a a pretty solid gap down, but we've had gaps down and all we do is buy them up, right? So this don't get all crazy because take a look at this. every the last three days. This is what we've done or the last three three of the last four days gap gap down bought it all back. This one is a gap up filled the gap kept running up. This one gap down bought it all the way back. This one another gap down. Guess what they're going to do? Yeah, they're going to buy it all the way back. Now, could we have ourselves awake and could they go, "No, I'm not buying it all the way back. This is an actual breakdown." Any of those things could happen, but we suppose that what they will do is find support and then start buying it back up again. So, what's the ideal sweet spot for a buy here? $687.91, right? That that is my thought. else we dropped down to $687 and lots of demand sitting in a pocket here where we broke out from $685. That's what we'll be watching. All right. Okay, everybody, take care. I'll see you on the streams. Good luck.
