VIDEO 088: https://youtu.be/ra8BNzjZbF8

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Good morning everyone. Today is Tuesday, January the 13th. My name is Anmie Band and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. We're taking a look at the E- mini S&amp;P as we often start here. We're going to look right at the 30-inut chart. If you do want to expand it and see where we are, we're still grinding higher. Made a brand new high yesterday. We still have higher lows. This is your typical ascending triangle. And a lot of things happen in these spaces relative to the pressure that is sitting underneath. Sometimes it breaks, sometimes it breaks out. And so you can go, "Thanks, Captain Obvious. What else you got for me?" What we do realize is inside of the motion, there are a lot of things that have to bring themselves to fruition to figure out, well, what's going on? So, the first thing that I'm looking at is by and large, are we still making higher lows and higher highs? And the answer is why yes, we are. Right? We broke through this edge. We bottomed here at 6935 and now our floors keep getting raised. The green line here at the bottom is put support for the price action. The red line above is call resistance in terms of the option chains and those of course are brought to us by mentor Q. So that being said, what do we want to stare down? Well, this is pretty important. What are we battling with? We see we've got a little bit of negative momentum, but it's at the bottom of the range where it normally tries to bounce. So, that's pretty important. And the momentum from this high to this lower high still pretty bullish, right? In general, there's nothing that's marketkedly different about what's going on with the price. So, the big thing we have to look at is where are they accumulating inventory? And so in my estimation as we stare down the charts at this lovely hour of 5:49 a.m. Eastern time, the support floor looks like 69.998 or thereabouts. I've set an alert there. Yep. And so it's going to tell me when it gets there. I'm going to come into the chart, collapse into a tighter time frame, and then say, "Okay, let's see if I've got bounce action showing. If I can get above the anchored VWAP of the prior day, I'm going to try and get back up into 7,12. That makes the long trade. Let's say you're staring down something that makes you think, hey, I think it's going to break down. What do you do if it gets to 69.98 and it bounces and does not recover this key zone that it's battling in right now, which is about 7,4 that will give you your line in the sand. Your VWAP could also be your stop at 7,07. So you can take the short from there and watch it potentially collapse into the prior days, two days prior anchored VWAP and then walk down into the VWAP of this formation here, our volume profile. That number is 6981 and Marie, what if it moves to the upside? Okay, here we go. Where have we been accumulating inventory? It seems to me that between 69.98 and 7, 2017, we've been accumulating inventory. So that's about 20 points. So if it breaks out here and it does a 1:1, you're looking for 20 points to the north, which would give you a target of somewhere around 7,000 and 37, 7,040, something like that. That's how I would use the measured move. If perhap stance you want something a little bit more structured, you can use a Fibonacci that steps you up, steps your space up. And as you can see, this measurement here that I spoke about gives us our point of interest sitting at 7,038. The true value event of the upside break has a lot to do with what's going on with all of this inventory accumulation. literally for more than a hot minute, right? We've been sitting around this area. It's starting to break. So, the question is, what's the big upside pressure event, you know, potentially any man's guess, any woman's guest, please allow me, the mankind thing, so I don't have to go through all the different whatevers. Uh this, you know, 7,050 looks like the upper edge, but you know, just take it one step at a time, one one moment in time, one step at a time. Dips or buys, it's sitting in a space that's very choppy. I would not initiate a trade in here unless you want to get your wiggles out and then open up your practice account. All right? because the levels that tell us we've got good shots are simply not sitting here. They're much further below. Good grief, I took a long time with that one. Let's speed along right here. Taking a look at the ENQ. Same story board. Higher lows, not quite higher highs overall, but in the recent past, we've had our higher highs. So, it's still building some kind of framework. And if you're the type that loves drawing these kinds of trend lines, this is a pretty big trend line break to the upside for these charts. And so, it does appear that pullbacks are buy zones in the same space. Here's the fly in the ointment for this one. You see where the put wall is? 24,500. The call wall is at 26,000. I don't know why I didn't have that as red, but whatever. Um, 26,000 is that call wall and you can see price action really sort of struggling through, but holding on, right? Holding on. Well, that's not what was supposed to happen, but there we go. Right. So, it's sitting right at the edge of the pressure vent. Remember yesterday I said, "Listen, look for 25,750. If it holds, it's along to 25,850." And indeed, it went all the way up to the call wall before breaking down. So, what do they want to test? 25,850. That's my supposition, right? My supposition is they're going to come in, test support. If it holds, we can buy the long off of that area. If you say to yourself, "Hey, why don't I just put the order in and see if it bounces?" Yes, absolutely you can do that. The question is, the market hasn't told you where the buyers are sitting yet. If you have lower lows and lower highs falling into 25,850, what you want to see the traders do is come in and if you want to do it fast, like go to a one minute chart, heck, go to 30 second chart, whatever you want to do, go to a 100 tick, it doesn't matter. Something that tells you, hey, buyers just showed up here. If you've got uh a depth of market or dome, you can go in there and see how many people are stacking in and get yourself in the trade if you're so inclined. If it fails, it's got two stair points. 25,800, which is right in the middle of this big gigantic movement, and 25,750. What do I think? I would not be surprised to see us come right back down to 25,750 and then go right back up. What have the prior days been telling us? Big move up, big move down. Big little move up, big move down, big move up, big move down. [clears throat] This is wash, rinse, repeat, because we've got some things to figure out. Okay, that's what we're staring down. If you want to see what happens to the upside, think about where they've been accumulating inventory. And to me, it looks like it's around here. Now, I don't like it enough to draw Fibonacci on it, but I could do a measured move, right? And so, by measured move, I clone it. I clone the measurement. It goes up into the area, and that gives us what? 26,100. Let's move this stroke so we know that it's just an ordinary line. 26,125 or the midpoint 26,50. Right? Those are potential upside shots into that. So, how did I do that? I just eyeballed the middle of this box. Right? If you like uh more uh what's that word? precision, [laughter] then just draw yourself Fibonacci. All right, let's take a look at uh Micro Bitcoin. This one's been very interesting, right? It just broke through. I just put this order on when I started uh doing my work about an hour and a half ago, and it went off immediately. Right. So, it topped out into this space at about uh 4:00 a.m. and well 4:30 and um now it's rotating back in. So, here's what we know. We know it's got an upside pressure event that so far is proving out as resistance. Where is the call wall? All the way down here at 88,000. As I've mentioned, the level of sophistication from the option traders in microbitcoin, you can see that they're always getting themselves on the back foot. Put wall 90,000 that's keeping them in in whatever. And so they're they're positive right there. But the call wall here, they're completely upside down. And so if that call wall does not move and the size of it is big enough, price action is going to start moving dramatically. Look at this event. This is what inventory accumulation looks like. High, low, buy, squiggle around up to the down to the low, up to the high, down to the low, up to the high, hanging on the midpoint. If this price action holds, this is going to be a pretty big move to the upside. So, eyeballing it, the first 50% range is 94,000. So, I'm going to put an alert there for us. I think this is a number three here for this one. And so, did I do that right? Yes. Okay. So, that alert at that 94,000 area going to be a pretty nice marker for upside drift. Notice the slope of the upward motion is increasing. It was this, now it's this. So, if it breaks down this one, let me edit this alert. We'll call this one number two. Actually, no, call that number three. Um, so if we take a look at this support at 92,000, if they come in and they hold it or they look below and fail, you've got yourself upside pressure into the north. If not, you've got downside pressure to 91,100 and then 90,000 here. This is a big pocket of volume. If they end up getting above here to distribute, it's got some legs. So, don't do anything crazy like try to short the top of this. If it starts breaking out through this zone and particularly gets above this anchor VWAP area of 93,000 and some change, right? We don't you want to be super careful. Okay, let's head to silver. And you know the silver futures are going to give you the same structural motion as the micros. So you pay attention to where the big spaces are and you watch what the little guys are doing to get yourself involved. But it's what the big guys are doing that are that's going to make the most sense. All right. So, um, we've got our first breakaway formation, 86,000, excuse me, $86.34. We've got upside pressure. Things are still holding solidly. So, dips clearly buys, but we're not making new highs. So, let it break to the north. What normally happens is in a savage break to the north, it runs into stops, pulls back, creates a new higher low, and then Bob's your uncle. Okay? So, that's what you're staring down. My thought would be if it breaks above $86.34, the pullback into the call wall, which is sitting around about $85, and it's also the point of sport, going to give you a good shot at a long. Now, let's say the traders are being a little bit more sideways. The floor of support $84.80. Couple of wicks down here. So, you want to see if it comes into $84. If it loses 79, watch for the wicks and then that look below and fail. If you see the look below and fail and it recovers those wicks, very likely you've got yourself long action back up to the top of the box. So, my thought would be I like this line better to eyeball where the floor of support is rather than the breakaway which is above that $84.80. Then, if it happens to fade, that's hilarious these names that they come up with. If it happens to fade, $82.34 puts us in front of the low volume node and then the VWAP below is here. Dips certainly are buys. This has been in a breakaway pattern since it broke above um 75. 78 is the put wall. 85 is the call wall. Okay, what do we do next? Oil. So oil, as I mentioned uh early in the week or maybe at the end of last week, I believe that oil is now going to start a little bit of a rally that's going to give inflation a run for its money. How well they can manipulate price flows to the south is going to be very interesting in the near term. Callwall 61, put wall 58. The put wall continues to climb. The call wall was at 62. It's now 61. So they're sort of dancing around that zone. If you listen to um group coaching yesterday with uh D and Hogue, we were talking about how these guys on their monthly call walls, they just sort of dance around these edges uh trying to just collect premium. So it's nothing super dramatic in the motion. It's just directional flow. So what are we staring down? Well, we just broke out over 60 and that is uh something that we want to do a retest on. Big fat round number. If it if 60 comes in and you see it hold, then you get to have the long formation. If it loses 60, the next support zone is going to be the value area high and that's 5973. So, it's about 2530 cents below. That would be the next line you'd want to watch if you were generally bullish on the formations and the formation is generally bullish. Okay, so there are a lot of stair steps here. If it were me, here's what I look at. Where have they been with inventory? Between 59.46 and $60. If I clone that to the upside, I can see it took it right to the wick and then came back down. So if it loses this ledge at 60, the next place I am going to look for a potential buy event because trend is up is $5946. I won't be looking um above there unless my momentum starts uh really hanging out here at the top end and then I might do something from that perspective. Otherwise, not so much. Let's take a look at gold. Structurally, gold looks a fair bit different than silver, right? You can tell there's a lot more speculation sitting in the silver chart right now. Let's go to the daily and see what we've got going on. Still higher lows and higher highs. Right now, it came right into Martin Armstrong's number. Maybe just a little bit more. And that was what 43 46 43 46 47 something like that. And it breached it, went up over 4650, and now has started to fade. But what it's doing is sitting in a zone of accumulation. So what do we want to look for? Well, we want to look for the base of accumulation. And where is that? Could it be 4600? Yes. Could it be that they you could buy a 4600 and somebody comes in and shakes your stop out? Yes, that that definitely could be it. My thought would be let it stabilize in this zone and when it looks like it's got upward pressure that would be listen if you lose if you say hey and it starts running up you could chase it but just remember where resistance is and if you start losing these levels like a look below but you do not bounce we're going to have a stair step down into the VWAP and then this thin volume pocket could easily bring us back down into 4535 something like that, right? That's what we would stare down. Okay, let's take a look at spy last. Sorry about the novella here this morning. SPY looks solid, right? Higher highs. The lows are a bit messy, but still higher lows. Look at the inventory that's being accumulated. Could it be that this inventory event that begins somewhere around I would say the anchored VWAP that's 69313 that might be the floor of support once it gets up over 6 693.82 then you've got yourself a buy zone to the north. You know do we have some earnings coming in potentially? We've got news coming in potentially. you know, the traders are going to sit a little bit sideways here in my mind and that means dips are going to be buy. So, let's have a look at the last few days, right? We had sideways action and a breakout and then this gigantic wick that became a dip and a buy and a dip and a little buy and a dip and a buy and a dip and a buy and a dip and a buy. Guess what's going to happen, right? Recent past predicting near-term future dips or buys sweet spot $687 $688. All right. Okay, folks. That's it for me. I'll see you on the streams. Still trying to get my sea legs back. Um getting to sleep a little bit later and later. This time I got up at 4, which was absolutely fantastic. A lot more sleep than the last couple of days. And uh I continue to get back into the flow. Okay, take care everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
