VIDEO 089: https://youtu.be/q4q4L2fNqU8

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Monday, January the 12th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. Earnings, believe it or not, are upon us again and we're going to have pretty exciting the next few weeks, but it feels like there's so much more going on the market. It's you're almost like, "Yeah, earnings. Yeah, whatever." But they are going to be important. What I want to start with in the E- Mini S&amp;P is the 4hour chart so that we can keep our eyes on the big picture. The big picture is we're still headed higher. Higher lows, higher highs. All right, there's a big uh connection down with this trend line and then the higher one that is closer. We have two alerts set here today. Actually, we should probably make it three since this is a target zone. Let's make this a target event. And so what we are thinking is pullbacks are going to be buy zones. So where's the ideal pullback event? Well, we just missed it at about 2:00 this morning. Let's go to the 30 minute. At about 3:30 this morning, it triggered this test old support and then the recapture of the zone, but trend is negative and momentum though in negative location is starting to lift. So what you want to look for is a double bottoming event at this 6950 area. Remember the story board is if and then if it comes back to 6950 and it holds the area. Now holds the area might mean it's got about a fivepoint stop underneath there. Then it's going to be an upside pressure event first into the point of control and then you know wherever the VWAP is sitting and into relative resistance. Our first target event is uh going to be up here near 6979. Let me see. Ah, it won't let me do that. Okay. Because I set these markers on the 4 hour, they're a little bit wide. So they might come off a little early when my alert my alert triggers. But that 6975 is a number that we know. 6979 resistance. Remember these red candles are candles that are saying, "Hey, listen. I'm breaking the ATR of this formation." So as the ATR breaks, right? And we go, "Wow, this is moving faster than the ATR prescribes in the space." And it gets below that moving average. We know we've got sell zone formations. This is the first area, old support, potentially new support. The buy area and the take-profit area 6975 all the way up to 7,6 and beyond. Could we just chop around in here? Yes, we've got a lot of stuff going on. We've got the Supreme Court coming out with uh the rulings on the tariffs. You know, a lot of people saying constitutionally boundaries were stepped over, blah blah blah blah blah. We could have ourselves a very volatile market. Just be careful. You want to be very careful. We do notice 4hour charts are upside, but notice what happens. Every time we get a big rise, 100% of the move gets retraced, right? Especially over the last several days. So, we really need to be careful there. losing 69.50. Let's say if it comes to 69.50 and it bounces, but it cannot stay over 6957, we've got short action into the lower boundaries of support. And that is 6922 all the way to potentially 6911. Right, that's where one of our last numbers is sitting. The VWAP for this time frame is 6913. So we would look at it that way. When you start trading and you say, "Oh, okay. I need to set something up." Remember, we never know whether we're going to be right. The only thing we can control is how much risk we have at play. That's why we have to say if and then because if the if comes in, hey, if we get to 750, I'm shorting it. Okay? There's no ant. You just have a then there. But what if you get the 750 and the price action starts rising? How do you know where the stop action is going to be? Right? That's what makes things very difficult here in the NQ. This is a very messy pattern. Deep dips clearly buys. However, this area at 25,750. If you want to go long, you must once it gets up over that level, you must wait for it to test above and pull back and give you a higher low. Right now, it moved above, broke down, tested the zone, broke down again, tested the zone again, and broke down. So to me, this looks like a very messy patch because although it's breaking down, it's making higher lows. That's a contrarian event. We have to watch for that. And so if you're staring that down, if you want to go short, you need to let it confirm. You want to go long, you need to let it confirm. Okay? Very very important confirmation required here simply because the chart is in a massively choppy space inventory accumulating all around this particular zone. Do I think where do I think the ideal bounce pattern is? I like 25,600 25,598. If we can come down to that area and we bounce and retest with a higher low, we are going to have ourselves a pretty nice region. If you just come in and go, well, hey, I believe it's going to bounce right there without watching it confirm. You've got about 30 to 35 points of risk based on this wick that you can try it that way. But the bounces are into selling pressure because trend is down and trend is master and commander. If you happen to get the double bottom at 25,600 and you're fortunate enough to hold it and it moves up above 25,750, it's time to take some profit. Move your stop up and you can walk it all the way up to the next trigger at 25,850. If it loses this 600 level, 25,600, the next line in the sand is more than 175 points below. Okay. With a gamma line at 25,500, which used to be an old port wall, right? The new port wall is way to the north at 25, 900. And so now 25, 850. And that is uh that tells us that the traders are a little upside down. So what we want to watch is where are they accumulating inventory? Obviously they tried to accumulate here. It broke out. They were able to distribute for a profit. They tried to accumulate here. It broke out. They were able to distribute for a profit. What do I suspect? It's going to come down into this area, chop around, and then more than likely Oh, our oil trigger just went off. We'll see what goes on. more than likely it'll move up to the north. Remember if and then let's go to micro Bitcoin. This one very choppy, very sideways inventory accumulating all the way from I say 89,900 down to actually up to 90,000. We just lost this trigger just an hour ago. Look at the slope of momentum trend. Very steep. Don't step in front of this bus. Uh it's, you know, all all gas, no brakes. So just be careful sitting right here. Watch for it to come in, test the put, and then begin to bounce. If it comes in, tests the put and begins to bounce and gives us a higher low, this is the formation, then you get yourself a long. Does that sound like a lot of things you got to do for a trade to go off? Yes. But I mean, you're not playing whack-a-ole, right? You're you're a a day trader, so you've got to have some sense. You just can't go, "Hey, I'm buying it here." Just manage that risk. We do know value area low 90,500 pretty important level. It's got to get up over this 90,685 and then retested to let us know we've got upside traction right now. It still looks like the dips are getting bought, right? But this momentum event and this trend event means stay out of the way. Just watch yourself. Okay. Call wall very high up 95,000. put wall. Um, where in the world? Oh, the put wall is down at 80,000. So, that's moved very far below. That's really something that we've got to watch. All right, let's take a look at the silver futures. Oops, sorry, wrong one. Uh so here are silver futures moving up dramatically, right? This is uh this is war cycle movement as well as you know potential issues that might be going on with this one. Let me take a look at yeah let's use this contract. Let me double check on the price if you don't mind. Hang on two six. Um, okay. That's not the right contract. Yeah. Okay. So, here we are up on the edge, right? We had a breakaway formation from last week. We're well over the call walls. Absolutely blowing things out of the water right now. Our pullback event looks like potentially the 1day max. So, here we are. $82.34. Pretty good formation. Now, look at trend still up. Momentum has been drifting down for a bit. So, dips are going to be buy zones. Here is uh the moving average that is holding this pocket in play. Here's the first line in the sand. It's 8390 or so, right? That's old resistance, new support. If we break that ledge, chances are we will come all the way down into this 8230 before moving to the north again. Momentum has really drifted off, but dips are still buys. Could you get in here and say, "Hey, I'm going to buy 8318." Absolutely, you could. You You really, really could. So, let's put an alert there. I think it's a tricky one myself, but if you're into it, knock yourself out. A lot of traders have bought the 8085 spread in SLV. They continue to buy those those contracts. It is forcing price action to the north. Look at the volume. This is very speculative. That means it could reverse in a snap. Um, and if it continues to move up very quickly, watch the CME come in and raise the margins one more time. Now, as stoppep traders, we don't have to worry about that, but for the rest of us that are trading these in the live markets, we know that's going to be uh a problem. Okay, let's go to oil. So oil futures zoomed up um on the 9th double topped in the overnight and the opening range formation that gives us 5980 right the call wall is 60 um you know do you do you want to look at this and say hey where are these guys moving above there if and it pulls back and holds It's 59. Notice that implies 30 cents of risk. We're going to have a trouble. Now, it's already tested this one just a moment ago. And this was my first buy zone event. 5866. Just tested it. Now, remember the buy zone, the trigger comes. So, what do I want to see? I want to see a bounce and a pullback that holds the floor. I do not want to chase it. When the alert comes, I wait for the chart to tell me that it is firming up. Now, what's happening? I'm seeing some wicks, but I'm also making lower highs. The chart is not firming up there. I want to see higher highs and a pullback to higher lows so I can chase it. If not, I'm very likely to walk down this formation back into 58. All right, that's that's just my thought. My thought is that's where we head and the deeper pullbacks will give us another buy zone event because I do believe oil is finally going to break out particularly as tensions ease in Guyana where Chevron really has its tentacles pressed in and that could shift things quite dramatically. It's very very interesting gy government not saying too much about what's going on with Venezuela. Everybody's overly quiet, waiting for some shoes to drop, I imagine. So, call wall up at 60. Put wall zero DTE at 57. The big put wall is still at 55. Kind of a big deal. Let's go to gold. Did I forget anything? I hope not. So, here we are in gold. This is a massive move. Now, if you remember from way long ago, I said Martin Armstrong suggested that we could have a blowoff top up at about 4640 for gold. So, he has not given any higher targets on gold above this area. Why do I lean on Martin Armstrong? Well, as uh colorful as he is, he seems to have a very good array of um quantitative data models that do very very nicely with price. So, what are we staring down? Massive move. Listen, we opened up at 4540. We are almost 100 points higher. That's pretty crazy. This is geopolitical risk. This is geopolitical tension. That's all it is. Absolutely, without a doubt. Next Fed meeting comes up in just a little bit. And of course, this business with Powell. Listen, I said this in um market kickoff last night. Do not believe anything that you read unless it's been corroborated in three different independent spaces that are reputable. Otherwise, just imagine that it is noise trying to make you trade and clickbait because literally that's all it is. Okay. So, could this be what's going on with the Fed chair? Potentially. I see it as political geopolitical risk. All right, huge candlestick of buying and the follow-up candlestick was down. So, that's pretty interesting to me. We need to hold 4614 for more upside pressure to give us uh a good signal to the north. Otherwise, what we're going to do is retrace some of this. And my suspicion is that the retrace event comes into the support area near or it holds the value area high at you know 4594 4598. So these are really important zones. I'm going to create an alert here. Also this one is tricky, right? I it's a potential bleed, but anything coming across the wires and it's good night Irene for the shorts. They're going to get absolutely destroyed because the upward pressure here is marketkedly significant. We are incredibly high above the call wall. It's it's just bananas. The call wall, everybody's going to be upside down. They're going to be buying to shift their gamma and then uh excuse me, their delta. And then, you know, who knows what happens on the shallow pullback, but there's literally no volume here. So, filling in that volume gap seems appropriate, but we did have inventory accumulation from 4421 to 4530, which is 110 points. So, 4530 plus 110 points is 4640. And that is very close to Martin Armstrong's number. So, watch that zone. Lot of measured moves in play here. You want to be careful and just don't buy it outright because uh something wicked this way comes. All right. Lastly, let's look at SPY. Taking a look at the chart. Uh that's quite a savage gap down. Um let me Yeah. Yeah. Inventory is very negative. Look at that bounce action just going really nicely at the bottom of the inventory accumulation. So yes, uh inventory is negative. They are going to start to unwind that inventory event, but probably not for another couple of hours. So bounces should still be sell zones. What is the spy doing? It opened up right at the edge of put support, which is 689. That's going to be our line in the sand. it loses that zone, we're going to have more selling more than likely. So, if it tests this area and loses it and then bounces and cannot hold 69 68950, then we've got ourselves more downside into 687 and then 686, which is the bottom of this large inventory accumulation area. If we bounce at 689 and momentum shifts on the tight time frames, we can trade this long into 691. Right? That's the next targeted alert zone. 691 to 692. Look at the volume pocket right here. Anchored VWAP. All of these things give us this as probable areas to bounce and filling the gap at 69450. Watch out for that. Today is going to be a very interesting day. Menzingers, we're finally back in business. Gonna see you guys at uh the morning hour. Look in the spaces for where our times are and looking forward to seeing everybody else on the stream. I'll be in group coaching at 1:15 and 1:15 Eastern. And uh excited about that. Lots to talk about. Hey, take care everybody. Be alert. Trade small or not at all. Remember, risk management is job one. Take care. See you soon.
