VIDEO 092: https://youtu.be/krAzTltAHSs

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Tuesday, January the 6th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. Today is my last [snorts] full day in Japan. Tomorrow we will not have a video and hopefully my eyes won't be crossed and I'll be able to do something for us on Thursday morning. All right, let's take a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P. We are looking at charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthro Q. Looking at the trading day that we just had for Monday. It was quite bullish. broke straight through this formation. Take [snorts] a note at the relative higher lows that gave us this opportunity that said, "Listen, if we break out above this 6925, then we've got ourselves 6940, 6950, and then moving further up into what is now a new zerodte demo wall of 6960. The call wall still sits above us at 7,000. It was 710 730. Let's see where that is. Yes, it was 7:30 and these have now been replaced with general gamma lines. And so we can see that price action is coming in towards the end of the month. Could we look at this and say, you know, this looks like a topping formation? We could. However, as long as we hold the floor at 6940, our dips are going to be buy zones. So, the line in the sand for bullish pressure should be the bounce off of 6940 into 6960. Once we lose that frame here, which it looks like we are trying to head to the point of control and the anchored VWAP of the prior day. [snorts] Once we get to that spot, if we lose it, we should could easily see a rotation of equal size downward. And that sends us back to the VWAP at around 6918 with a pretty interesting spot at our 6925. So, how do you want to trade this? Well, we have downward flow that's occurring right now, right? This is what do we have? 5:03 p.m. Tokyo time. So, it's 3:00 a.m. So, this is uh Europe right here. That is um doing whatever it's doing. And so, we'll watch this fade, pull back into the support zone. That should be the first buy point. If you're staring it down for really tight time frame analysis, you'll notice this um indicator is called, let me show you this indicator. This is a really interesting indicator. Let me see if I can find it. Sorry, operator error here with my fingers. Come along, Sally. Fractal support. This fractal support shows aggressive price action that moves initially off of a range. And so there are a lot of different ways to trade that, but this is actually telling us that this is swift volume and bigger size comparative to the rest of the motion. We've uh here's a moving average that we've broken through. Um or is this the VWAP? Let's see. No, this is the VWAP. Excuse me. The broken average. Here we have come down through the VWAP. So we should see price action try to hold again these interesting edges that are showing up. 6950 was a key level. So we would expect the traders trying to bounce here. When we when we see this great big aggressive type of motion, we tend to see a reflexive bounce, but if it does not get up over the prior resistance zone, we have continuation to the downside. That's a really nice tool that you can find in Trendpider. And I love being able to highlight these tools. They're so fun and they always bring stuff, new stuff out all the time. So, what are the call walls that we are concerned with? As I mentioned, above us, topping formation potentially and the call wall now down at 7,000. The put support, the put wall is at 6,900. So, it's moved up quite a bit, but the zero DTE is much wider below. So there are a few folks that are using these zerodtees on the put side to say, hey, there's a potential for reflexive action downward. That seems very interesting to me at first pass. So let's see what this trend line will hold. Looks like it could easily come into that same space where we're thinking there's a buy zone. So that's rounded about 6940 or so. Okay, dips or buys, sideways pressure, looking at the 4our, we are sitting in a zone that is still very congested, but we're still making higher lows underneath. And so, as we're still making those higher lows, we expect that any deep dips are going to find buyers in the near term. My thought is look for anywhere from 6900 to 6910 to 6925 to give you your stop points. and on the way up 6960 and then [snorts] 6985 into the 7,000 zone. Let's take a look at the ENQ. All right, from the 4hour chart, we're seeing the same sort of thing. the chart is really trying to hold a framework of pressure moving upside and so we're still seeing this buy the dip sort of space that the prices could be sitting in essentially right we've got support deep below that's the one day min 25,300 we've got the zero DTE put wall at 25,500 put support still down there at 24,000 and the call wall is the same as the zero DTE wall call wall and that looks like it's about 29 25,700. So that's a really mixed back. Could be choppy trading dip buying still the frame of reference, right? We have to shift the angle now because you can see that that buying pressure has slowed down a bit. The angle at which it was moving is slowing. We've also got now a new set of lower highs off of this framework here. Let's shift it up a bit. Right. So, we can see that downward flow is significant. Right. It is certainly it's certainly meaningful, but we're building some sort of wedge for sure. Where is the base of that wedge right now? Listen, the first edge that they might come into is 25,600. That's a big fat round number. They could easily try and buy that one up, but the accumulation of inventory if it loses that 20 25,600, let's draw the line right there. If it loses that zone, 25,550 looks like the next move. And so that that's my thought. Let's see if it measured it on the upside. Yes, it did. Right. It moved up one to one, up a little bit, and then moved back down. So, let's clone it one more time to see where it might go on the bottom for the lower edges. And that gives us a zero DTE port wall at about 25,500. What are we staring at? Momentum is steeply down right now with this selloff here. Let's see if it's the same sort of aggressive price action. Yes. Should come in old resistance, new support. So that 25,600 needs to hold for a reflexive bounce. If it gets above 25,640, then you have a potential upshot. But at this juncture, I would literally try to start trimming my gains right up here at this high volume event at 640. If you try to buy 25,600, right? Stop action 590, right? And legitimately it looks like 605 might be 25,605 might be that buying zone essentially. Right? So that's what we're staring down. This fade in the formation. We can see these candlesticks bring us down into the opening tick which is 25,600. Excuse me. the high of the first 30 minute candlestick um is literally right here at 25,600. So it's it seems likely to me that they'll want to test that line. And you know that's our that's our box that we stare down. Okay. So we look at the 30-inut chart. We can see the formation 30 minute high 30 minute low for the opening framework. A lot of buyers should be sitting at or near 25,600 this morning. And if they don't, we know that there's trouble ahead for the downside rotations. Okay. All right. Let's take a look at Bitcoin. What a massive move up, right? Massive move up. Call walls. Oh my goodness. They've gotten themselves on the back foot again. Look at this. Put support way up here. well above price. Zero DTE for the put side also well above price. That means you know uh these guys are underwater. Well, the zero DTE is not but the put support one is the call wall they are doing okay just so long as they resist this 95,000 but the that's the zeroDT call wall. The big call wall is down at 90,000. And so, like I say all the time, just it's not even worth it to look at these call walls because the players here are not sophisticated and they get themselves on the back foot all the time. So, what are we seeing from a structural perspective? Resistance at 95,000, support at 85,000. So, there's a $10,000 range that Bitcoin has literally been sitting in since November the 17th, right? So, about a month and a half, we've been sitting in this pocket sideways. Do I think the run up here is a little geopolitical? Yes. But then again, you know, I'm not going to plant a flag on that one, right? I I just do not I I don't um I don't see how they're positioning other than this notion that there's going to be some sort of liquidity event driving into the markets that's going to give us this bounce. And I I I'm not converging on those spaces. So, my suspicion is that this is a pretty solid sell zone. That being the case, all of this price action is very bullish. And so dips are going to have to be buy zones until there is a failed breakdown. Excuse me, a failed breakout. And so what did we see? This is a big bounce. And now we are back down underneath 94,360. The next line of support is going to be 92,720, but just below that is a low volume formation in the volume profile. So that makes for pretty sticky pricing. If it loses this edge for one minute on some solid volume, it's going to collapse all the way down into, you know, this 91,200 area, statistically speaking. So, what are we seeing? Momentum is negative and jagged. We're sitting under the moving average. We're sitting under the VWAP. We're sitting in formations that are giving us lower highs and lower lows. inventory accumulation. We just lost a region and that region is 93,9 uh900 all the way to 94,600. If we clone that, we get a probable downside target that's sitting right at the open of this aggressive bullish candlestick formation. So, I think it's worthwhile looking at that 93,200 area. What could you do to trade that? Look for the failed bounce into 94,000 and then take the trade down into the 93,000. It is pretty choppy here. Look at how jagged the momentum triggers are. Very, very jagged. Watch for that. The line in the sand in my mind between the buyers and sellers somewhere around 93,000 which is the base of this edge. What is this line here? Ah, that is a gamma line. So, the base of this gamma line,00 seems to be co coinciding with the relative price formations here. Bounces are clearly looking like sell zones at this juncture and the big picture suggests to me that this is a topping formation, right? So, I would not be surprised to see it come back all the way down to 90,000. All right, let's take a look at silver si. As I mentioned, the line in the sand for silver was 75. It if it got up over 75, it was going to run. And boy has it, right? This is really solid updraft. There are still a lot of options that are sitting at the 8085 um there's a call spread that's the 8085 call spread that is still very active in the SLV contract dips clearly by zones breakaway formations are actually in play right now so let's go to the 30inut chart the call wall is at 80 so it's moved back up the zero Z DTE call wall is at 7750 trading above that right now and the zero DTE put wall is at 7430. Now notice what we have going on. Very straightforward. This is a very straightforward formation. That is an upside channel here. They broke the channel came right back up into the space. Here's what we have to notice about silver. These uh candlesticks that show aggressive buying or aggressive selling in the silver space, they come all over. So, one thing we have to remember is positioning properly in silver is the key thing to watch. And the better bets, the stronger trades will come from the 30 minute charts or higher where old resistance is now support. Old resistance is now support. That's the best way to trade these on the bigger time frame and just wait for the trade because it's been working like clockwork. It's when you go to the much tighter time frames that things start getting squirly and you get caught in these weird candlestick formations that don't feel very good when you're trading them for sure. All right. Um so what are we looking for? Dips or buys? This I believe continues to be a geopolitical move. The next higher levels are going to be at that 80 to the gamma line at nine is 82. So we'll see how that moves. I would expect see notice the speed. See how quickly this moved from 70 to 77 and how quickly it moved down from 77 to 70. And now it's this undulating pattern. Look at how many more days it takes 1 day to move from 70 to 77 that's like 10%. Now for it to move 10% it's taking several days and this is what the CME has tried to do slow down the feverish pace of the motion and they do that by increasing the margins. So that if it starts getting parabolic again, they're going to do the exact same thing. Right now, nice undulating flows moving all the way up. We'll see what happens. But that is definitely a bullish flow event. Dips or buys. If it loses this edge here at 7750, my thought would be 7550 would be the next area of frontline support. All right, let's take a look at oil. My thought here, what happened in trading this environment here is that way too many people got short. Look at the savage move. Savage moved down. Oh my goodness, we're washing oil. Remember, I took the long off of the bounce and took it into resistance. Then the sell-off and then another savage move down. And these are everybody clearing out all of those shorts. Just shorts getting get getting squeezed all the way to the top of the range. Top of the range. 58 call walls and put walls are very far. 62 for the call wall and 55 for the put wall. We are still sideways. And so what do we expect to see? potential downward flow back into 5687. That's really what it is that I think I'm seeing. Are we seeing any aggressive flows on tighter time frames? Not really. Um certainly nothing showing positive motion. Anchor VWAP from the prior trading day of Monday, $57.36. And then below that old resistance, new support at $57. That looks like a pretty nice buy zone in my mind. That uh $57 looks doable. Certainly certainly doable. Uh so that's where I will be looking for that. Now, if you decide, hey, I I'd like to trade into that. Take a look at what's going on in terms of inventory. The inventory boxes are very jagged and really kind of wide. So I I would be very very cautious around here. Here's the 1 hour formation on this uh midnight. So that would have been 10 a.m. your time on Monday. Here's our 50% line right now. They're battling it here. If we bounce and we cannot get above 5775, losing that edge at 5764 could give us a very nice short down into 5733 and then again into the 57 area. So that's what I would stare down. If I were to try and build a box of inventory, it would be that it's it's pretty messy, right? It's somewhere around to 5778. Let me duplicate this and see if I've got this measurement. Whoops. Yeah, I've got that measurement about right. Here's the one one. That's the last area of inventory accumulation. And so if I clone it once more, we'll be able to see downside pressure. And that downside pressure gives us this uh support zone at around 5730 and then again at 5705 or so. So yeah, I think that I'm I'm looking at that correctly. That that should be that motion in play. All right, let's take a look at gold. Gold is doing its thing. Holy cow. 45 um just running all the way back up. Let's take a look at a 4hour formation. This resistance zone here at 4500. Big fat round number right 4500. Pretty important space. We'll see how the traders behave there. But the stochastics are just about as high as they can get. So there's a lot of buying pressure here that's pushing the price action up and keeping it solid. The call wall is still 4516. We saw that on Sunday where it was sitting there. Uh notice the put ZDT put wall is 4535. So they want price to get above that zone. A lot of speculation going on in here watching these uh options do crazy things where these flows are sitting just bananas, right? There's a lot of speculation in here. So, we also are speculators. So, what we want to do is make sure we understand the flow of motion. And that is clearly bullish. Dips are buy zones. It's slowing down a little bit on the top as we get to 4500. it could begin to stagnate within, you know, a $50 sideways pressure event between maybe $4450 to $4,500. That seems relatively reasonable. If you're trying to figure out where all the inventory accumulation is, I would venture to say resistance pockets somewhere around, right? at the match resistance with support. And so this is the box that I believe that they are moving around. That's 4478 on the upside, 4457 on the downside. Let's clone it. See if it makes sense. Yes, it does. It matches up there on the breakout. Oops. Let's leave it there. Let's clone it one more time and move it to the downside. and see if it gives us any relative pressure there. Your goal again is to Yeah, that's right into the support zone of 4440, which is what we stared down for yesterday before yesterday's markets opened up. Okay, that's what we're staring down. Upside pressure. Here we go. Right, dips or buys? I think a lot of people are still sort of trying to frontr run the January effect which they believe is downside pressure and they're, you know, they're getting caught. But let's see how SPY did. Let's go to SPY. Take a look at the formations. What I believe I'm going to do here is remove all the annotations for SPY and let's just take a look at what the broad formations are telling us. call wall 693 $693. The zero DT call wall is a little bit before at $691. Put support to 680 or so. That's where it's going. It bounced off of that 2 days ago. It's holding inside of the framework. What are we looking at? Traders are still buying the dip. As long as we are buying the dip inside of these rotations, we must think that the overall motion of the market is going to grind to the north. What is not happening that we should be concerned about is brand new highs in SPY. And so that's the only fly in the ointment that says, hey, listen, you know, here was this double top brought us down into heavy congestion. Now we're bouncing again. A shallow pullback should take us here easily. And if the price action is going to move to the north, that's when we'll see the breakaway formation. And there are a lot of traders looking at that breakaway formation. Here is a Fibonacci that points to that upside break. Here's the 50% area at 681. That's about where we bounced. $2 or so began to recover it. So, this 50% move does suggest that we've got motion that could easily send us to 700 before we rotate down in some sort of January effect. Everything feels very different this season. And so, uh it could be that the short the the shorts are on uh the back foot one more time, right? And we have to look for that. So, what are we staring down here? We have a little bit of a topping formation 690 to 687 or so. If we lose 687, we're very likely to step down into the support zones near 683. Right? That's that seems to be where it's at. But please remember, we have dips that are buys. And so you you're going to watch for a positive recovery where you can go long or a failure to recover which takes you to the bottom of the range one more time. All right. So that's what we're staring down. Overall, we have bullish pressure under the moving average, negative divergence, but the trend is always going to be the one that wins. So that means dips or buys. They just could be a little bit deeper. and we're getting to be a little newsy in how things are turning out. So, we really got to be careful there. All right, folks. That's it for me. I'll see you on Thursday. Take care and watch your risk.
