VIDEO 094: https://youtu.be/Uojng2I1MKQ

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. It's Friday, December the 26th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. We are taking a look at the E- Mini S&amp;P charts by Trendpider and Gamma Lines and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. We've got a little bit of a fade this morning. You can see the pre-market action, the opening hourly candlestick. We are underneath it and it is about let's see how many 79 to uh it's about 11 points wide. So let's clone it for giggles and give us 11 points wide there. We get 6968 potentially as a wick that could bring us back to a bounce zone. So that's my suspicion. If we do an old resistance, new support edge, we're going to come into the put wall and that is 6960. That's the zero DTE put wall. Now remember these put walls, the particularly the zero DTE ones, they can move quite rapidly and you don't want to look at these as lines in the sand, just areas of concern. The call wall remains 7,000 to the upside and the put wall is 6850. That also has not changed. As you can see the zero DTE call wall and zero DTE put wall have changed. And that uh zero DTE call wall right now at 60 69.85 85. That should move up to 6,900 easily. That should move up to 6,900. Potentially 6950 by the morning. The put wall for the zero VTE should stay should stay at this 69 uh 50 6960 area. We do see bullish formations, dips or buy zones. Our momentum is clearly in an upside rotation. That gives us the same mechanical flow. What might we see tomorrow? We've got settlement for a number of bonds and the Fed balance sheet. So, no no big information to jolt the market other than general news. All right. and and that could be anything. So far, we have deep support zones at and 69 6900, right? Did I say 6900 for the Cowwell ZeroD? Of course, that's not what I meant. 6975 690. It could easily rotate up to 7,000. I believe that that is where the traders want to go. We are testing the anchored VWAP. So, if you're staring down the trade right now or very soon when this comes up, you could say, "Hey, I'm going to take a long right here and see if it can get back into the resistance zone for a few points." Right? That's that's not not a bad not a bad move. And if you have micros that you're using and you don't care about the drift down, you know, you could leave it in there and let it rotate around until it comes back up. I would say just let the chart do its thing, right? Dips or buys, wait for it to resolve around this area. Things are always just a little bit trickier when you're underneath the VWAP. And we are clearly under the VWAP. So, we we got to pay attention to that. All right, let's get to the NQ. I do hope everyone had a a nice holiday. Hopefully, you're still on holiday and you're able to take it easy a little bit. Let's take a look at the ENQ. We are looking at uh Wow, trend lines are a little bit messy here. If we use Whoops. If we use this one way down here, we've got pullbacks into the value area. If we just use the trend lines that sit from that region, we are very close to where we should see a bounce. anchored VWAP from Wednesday on the shortened trading schedule is 25,830. That could easily provide a bounce zone. We are underneath that first 30 minutes. The first 30 minute candlestick formation actually gives us the first hour of rotation. We don't get out of that until um just a minute ago. a nap. Now we're trying to recover it. So that is pretty interesting. The loss of the level brings us down to old resistance, new support. That's 25,825. Right now we are battling at the zero DTE call wall and that number is 25,850. We're trying to stay above it at this juncture. Remember, the option sellers want us to be under that number. The zero DTE put support line is 25,700. And the put wall, whoa, 24,500. That one might creep up over the next couple of days. That's very, very far away. Notice the congestion zones for key supply build and key demand build. These uh stripes right here tell us that there's a lot of buying pressure that's supportive in these areas down all the way into the put support level. Remember, the traders are going to want to stay inside of the pocket between 25,700 and 25,850 if they sold options and they want to win on the day. But I expect this one, this zero DTE call wall to uh level up probably take over at the gamma level too at 25,900 and our call wall at 26,000 could be where we get to by, you know, this time next week. Okay, dips or buys? momentum doesn't look quite as strong on the 30 minute as it does on the hourly and not quite as strong as the uh ES looks, right? The ES looks a little bit stronger. Let's draw a trend line. Now, the reason I don't trade trend lines, folks, is because they are arbitrary. They truly are very arbitrary. And you can see that I can draw literally an infinite number of lines going through all of these wicks, right? And that gives us a pretty solid range to trade inside of, but we're in a dip buying zone. We've got solid momentum. Pullbacks are buy zones, and the best pullbacks are old resistance that turn into new support. And that's about 25,000. What is that? 800. Yeah, something like that. Okay. So, be careful. Watch where inventory is accumulating. Notice we've got some pretty important levels of accumulation between 25,775 and 25,825. Those are going to give you some really nice areas. Let's see the heat map. Yeah, it should move from one area of the heat map, from the bottom of one area to the top. You can see it lifting, but it's really hands off if it's under the VWAP. Unless you're staring it down and you're saying, "Okay, this is my trade, right? You want everything lining up the right way for you." Okay, let's take a look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin had a nice bounce, right? I I would say this has quite a bit to do with one uh just popping up through all these resistance zones. It's coming up into 90,000. It looks like a double top here in the overnight. If we breach it, we've got gamma level four at 91 and then gamma level three at 92,000. I think that's a those are pretty good upside targets. There's a lot of volatility in here. You know, my thought is that this is because this movement here has a lot to do with what is not happening in the carry trade, right? That there's a lot of stuff happening that shouldn't be happening in this carry trade and it is. And it's keeping liquidity in the market. Liquidity is going to drive Bitcoin to the north if it's available. And so that's what's worth we're staring down, right? Call wall 90,000. Zero DTE call wall 89,000. ZeroDTE put wall 87,000 and the big put wall moved up from 75,000 to 85,000. So, as you know, the way the people that are trading this particular option, I'm not trying to show throw shade on anybody. I really am not. I'm just saying there's a limited level of sophistication sitting in the players of these options and it is really showing by how they jump around. So, I would take these walls with a grain of salt and look a little bit more at big picture formations. This big picture formation shows us a potential double top. How do you measure whether that double top's going to transform? You go from top to bottom. You measure the 50% line. That's 88,400 or so. If it bounces off of that area, it's very likely to move back to the top. If it fails that area, and it could be that it fails and then bounces and fails again, it's going to come to the value area low that's around 87,000. I do not know what's going to happen here. I would suspect that if we recover up over the VWAP and in this range, we will continue to the north. Under the VWAP, buying the dip is is always suspect, right? It just is what it is. All right, let's let's take a look at silver. I have to tell you that this silver contract has astounded me. It's astounded me and it is one of the biggest squeezes I have literally it's probably the biggest squeeze I've seen in in 20 years 20 years of staring down charts. It is absolutely monstrosity of a squeeze. So let's take a look. Look at what's happening now. It gapped up. It was 7150 on Christmas night and now it is up at 7480. Look at the accumulation of inventory. This is pretty important, right? Is it above the VWAP? Yes. Is it accumulating inventory above the VWAP? Yes. Is momentum high? Yes. Is trending motion in play? Yes. All of these things are telling us dips are going to be buy. So where could they come into the dip? I would look at the low volume node here. It sort of corresponds with the call walls. The zerodt call in particular is 73. But this gap at $72.50, that's the one I think is really pretty important for us to stare down. If it can come into that zone, it'll be a great buy. Here's the thing. It really hasn't given us too much of a good buy in any of the spaces. But if you notice what happened yesterday, the rotation off of this low to high, literally the 50% area was $70.70. it broke it, came into the high volume node for this zone and then recovered. And so when we hit that recovery space, that's where we can buy nibble a little bit. When it gets on top of the VWAP, we're in much better shape. And when the VWAP is presenting itself as a support, we can continue to buy. Okay, that being said, let's assume that this new wave that I just drew, come on, Fred, is going to give us our next retrace. The wave is bigger. 50% level comes right down into that 7250 zone. So, I would not be surprised if it came down into that region and then bounced. It'd give you a good shot. This is an unbelievable rally and there are a lot of people that are off sides here that are short and having to buy to cover. The call wall has moved to 80. Now, some people are calling silver up at 120. But, you know, that always happens when something goes crazy. Then everybody jumps on the bandwagon. All right, let's take a look at oil. So, oil has been desperately trying to get out of the big pocket it's been in for many months. It's done a really good job breaking out over the last several days. Notice this steepness has moved out a lot more. This truly is a geopolitical bounce uh concern that's causing this bounce in my estimation. We know that a lot of commodity traders are short oil because of a perceived supply glut. Now, I've never seen oil traders argue with each other as much as they are arguing with each other right now across different platforms. Some are saying, "Hey, you're bonkers if you think it's a real glut." Other folks are saying, "You're bonkers if you think this this is not a glut." So, they are still positioned short. Now, here's why I'm telling you this. At some juncture, if these short traders that are banging the drum on, hey, oil is a short, oil is a short, oil is a short, there's just so much pain they can stand into the 60 area. If it gets above 60, there's going to be a problem and they are going to wind the price up and all of a sudden like we're going to start stepping out of the range and we're going to hit 62 and then 65 and then you know whatever else is next. Right at this juncture, however, what we're trying to do is get to the top of the value high area, and that's $59.50. Dips are buys in the current structure. Look at all the accumulation here. What is the slope of this VWAP? It's flat. What is the slope of our dynamic cloud? This green thing here. slightly up, right? Momentum caught in the mid zone. All of this looks very sideways. So, what would you want to do? Buy the bottom, sell the top. If it's in the middle here, don't mess around. Just leave it alone. Why? Because in the middle, let's say you went long, your stop would have to be [snorts] 40 cents wide essentially, maybe 38 cents, but you could get wicked out like that. If you went long, excuse me, if you went short, your stop would have to be that same 3840 cents wide. But if you wait until it gets to the top, you literally have 10 cents, 12 cents of risk. Or if you wait until it gets to the bottom, you get 12 cents of risk. Now, you might go, "Yeah, but what if it doesn't come back?" Then wait for the next setup. Don't say, "Hey, I'm just taking the risk simply because I want to get in and I don't want this to run without me." That's not a valid strategy. A valid strategy is anchored around risk. And so, you must take that into consideration. If you are saying, "Hey, Emry, you're being too conservative." What about me trading at 5831 or you know long at 5831 or short at 5858. Hey, whatever you want to do, right? I'm just suggesting what I would do given the circumstances, given the momentum, given the relative trend, and what the prices have been telling us the traders are doing. We have deep support at the put wall for the zero DTE. That's 5750. The zerodt call wall is $59. The put wall is 55. It has not moved. It has not moved. And boy, what what a great long. What what a great long from these dips here. I mean, absolutely fantastic long off of the dips for those folks who've been trading this overnight. The big price action that's a measured move event puts us another 60 cents upward. So, you know, 5940 would be that upward pressure event. Looks it looks good, but I would I would wait for the dip. I would look for the wishing order because volume is going to be very light, right? Volume's going to be very light tomorrow. we should see something a continuation of the Santa rally um during the trading day on Friday and then potentially on Monday and then you know who knows what happens into the end of the year but that's what we're going to do with oil. Let's take a look at gold. Gold continuing to track higher. Where is ooh wow the big call wall at 4550 no 4515 has not moved and the zero DTE are sitting there as well I expect this call wall to get shifted up the 1day max is price action has gapped up and if we take a Look at the first 30 minute candlestick formation. We can see the traders are breaking out of that zone. It's a pretty nice range. So, let's clone it and see what the top values look like. Well, looks like we almost came into it on the first measure. And so, pullbacks into that VWAP. It's a flat VWAP though, right? But pullbacks into the VWAP around the 4538 could be a pretty nice buy zone. Where would I go? You know, I I want to see if it can get to this aggravated accumulation zone here where they gapped down or they wicked down and then held up. I would not mind seeing for the buy zone into that area for an upside pressure event. On the flip side, we can see that we still have ton of momentum. Uh Martin Armstrong has called 4550 to potentially 46 I can't remember what that number is. It might be that 4640 area. And so there's still a lot of upside pressure, but notice how these candlesticks are retracing each other, right? They're retracing each other. And um yeah, that's certainly something to watch. Very very uh messy price patterns. It could come all the way to 4480 before it bounces again or it just could continue to run up. What we do see is very thin volume. Okay, lastly, excuse me, that was me sneezing. Lastly, we're looking at the spy 690. Um, for those of us in that butterfly uh into January, that this one still looks pretty good, but I I would take it off if it starts really running to the top of the range. A lot of things are really running very hot. They should be pulling back a little bit more in my mind, but this looks like some kind of first pass topping formation. But the pullbacks also easily buy zones. Strong upward trend, strong upward momentum. Notice the dip formations do come in, they fill the gap. They come into the zones except for the last two trading days, right? The day before Christmas Eve and then Christmas Eve. And now we are looking at a fair resistance zone break up above $690 and ooh $691 should push us up into $694 if price action continues to move up. Clearly upward trending, right? I mean clear upward trending. Where do I like the best pullbacks? Old resistance. And that gives us $68,8840. The zero DTE put wall is at $686. 0 DTE call wall is at 690. Right? Our one day max is 697. Um, V IV is very very low in the spy chains and the S&amp;P chains. That is a solid inclination of upside [snorts] continuation. And so that's what we ought to look for, okay? Dips or buys. Watch the levels up. And you know, trust the trend. That's that's all we got to do. We just trust the trend and buy the tip and we'll stay as long as that holds. The moment that shifts behavior, we've got ourselves another formation ahead. All right, everyone. The next time I see you, it'll be on a market kickoff on Sunday night. Take care. Hope you have a good weekend and trade small. Watch your risk. Take care everybody. Bye.
