VIDEO 096: https://youtu.be/pR6uhSjZvUM

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today is Monday, December the 22nd, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. I am doing these, you know, in what would be the middle of the night in our time zone, but it is 3:13 in the afternoon Tokyo time. Taking a look at what the market is doing, lifting through the space. We've had inventory continue to be uh what should we say? It's holding upside, but we're at the zero DTE space. That makes for shorting action pretty fair, right? So, let's hop into the 30inut chart. If you did watch me on um market kickoff uh on Topstep TV on the YouTube channel, I did take the short at the close of the one minute candlestick formation and took it down. I was watching it for a little bit and saw this support ledge holding the zero DTE 6900 level and so I pulled the trade and I'm very glad that I did just collected a couple hundred bucks there but it was a fairly solid trade. The one thing that I want to share with you is don't be afraid to look at a trade after you're in it giving you new market generated information to tell you whether the price action is going to be in a continuation formation the way that you want it to be. This I think people get sort of uh mixed up a little bit. They do the set it and forget it. And although that's great for, you know, a Ronco rotisserie chicken, it might not be ideal for um an intraday trader looking to capture price action moves. And so, nothing against Ron Poe. Probably one of the best salesman that we've seen in I don't know, maybe a hundred years, I would say. So, in any case, I don't have any idea why I digress on these things, folks, but you know, I do. I can't help myself. All right. So, what are we looking? If we take a look, this is a really great um indicator, and it is called a dynamic where are we? Not the dynamic cloud. That's this moving average event. uh crud sickles. I can't see what it is, but I'll figure it out. I'll let you know tomorrow. So, what we have here is a very serious resistance edge popping up. So, let's take a close look at it. Right, Trendpider is telling us that there is selling pressure up here that is not allowing price action to move above 6906. The moment that gets breached, folks, we're going to very likely head to the top of the 30-inut candlestick formation. Right, we can see that we've broken the lows a couple of times, but staying above that zero DTE 6900. We'll see where it moves tomorrow. My thought is if you're staring down the charts, it's pretty sideways right now. So look for a breakout that is likely to continue into the next gamma line at and then 6920 and then well above it here is a very big pocket of resistance from 6927 to 6932. Now let's say we lose the floor of this 6900. Where are we likely to go? Well, I suspect we fill the gap and we move back into the last area of inventory accumulation. How do you measure that? Well, you look for the wicks and you go, okay, I don't see too much action there above it. So, you know that's where the selling pressure was and then all of a sudden it's not there anymore. So, when that happens, you know there's a continuation in the space. If we lose the base that 6,900, we're fairly likely to come in to 68.93 and then a very big box of support, very big box of support that looks like the anchored VWAP 6876 and then a lower low at 6867. We are in a buy the dip formation. No two ways about that. Look at the color of the dynamic cloud. Look at the location of the momentum. And it's breaking the trend by time and not price. Right? That means it's holding the floor but not breaking out. So what does that tell you? It tells you they're collecting inventory. And so if they're collecting inventory between 692 and 69, when they break above that area, they're going to look to liquidate at those higher zones. So watch for that. Okay, let's hop to the NQ. We are in the H contract that expires in March of next year. We can see that. Yeah, you know, these guys look pretty good. The ENQ looks really a lot better than the ES does. The put wall just got breached from yesterday. That is uh which put wall is that? Yeah, that's the zero DTE put wall. 25,500. It's also value area high. And so the breakaway at this NQ level takes us right into the zero DTE call wall. And guess what? We're stalling out right there. 25,72. So what do we want to do? We want to zoom in tighter time frames and we want to watch where are where they are building inventory. Now again from market kickoff I said this was pretty messy and I still stand behind that. It is very messy but it does look like it's holding higher lows. And so the thought process should be, okay, what's the slope of my VWAP? It's up. What's the location of my momentum indicator? It's above zero, so that's positive. What does my moving average cloud look like? Also positive. It tells me dips or buys. Now, could we fill the gap before we really start buying? Absolutely. This was my thought. And my thought really is this. put support at the zero DTE. I'd like to buy it there. Right? That being said, notice this pocket. See how this pocket looks? That's a low volume area. And it's also a major zone of support. Don't be surprised if we lose the floor there and come in to 25,450. If that happens, that's going to be a pretty nice bounce zone. Now, here's the line in the sand. Let's say you're thinking about this and you're saying, you know what, I want to go long. Perfectly fine. Here's the thing. If you lose the low of that first 30 minute candlestick and it doesn't immediately bounce back up into your box, we're probably going to fill that gap. And if we fill the gap, here is the last area we saw inventory sort of tail off and say, you know what? I don't I don't think we got any buyers above this zone. So, that's going to be our front line of support. Old resistance, new support, 25,600. All right. So, that's what we're staring down. I like the bullish play. Don't be surprised if we have some intraday volatility that becomes uh surprising. Just step out of the way and stop trying to catch the falling knife. If you try it a couple of times, manage your risk properly, and if it doesn't work out, step aside, and wait for the market to give you a nice spot to engage. For me, I would say, hey, if it comes into this 25, 500, that would be fantastic, right? Old resistance, new support, anchored VWAP from Friday. That would be very, very sweet. If it loses the edge, wait until it recovers it and then consider the trade, right? Don't don't get involved with the falling knife event. It's just it's just not wise. All right, let's look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin coming into a pretty solid level of resistance. Let's take a look at the 4our formation. You can see it's still sideways as all get out, folks. Look at that. a base event at 85,000 and the top of the box really all the way up at 93,500 but here are the call walls right zero DT call wall 90,000 and the big call wall 91,000 very very close to each other [snorts] pretty solid support here at the 85,000 level that looks like a pretty good buy zone here's the The yen trade is looking pretty terrible. So, people who maybe bet that the yen would um rise against the dollar are getting pretty hammered on that position. And what that means really is that the carry trade is not unwinding. If the carry trade does not unwind, the liquidity that was set to leave Bitcoin might stay in there and that might give us a pretty solid bounce. Now, I've mentioned this before, but I do want you to keep your eyes on it because I just looked at Japanese bonds and they are screaming higher. Remember, bonds higher, yields lower. But see, they just raise the interest rates, so yields should be higher. And [snorts] the same way the bond market has absolute control over the credit markets in the US, same thing happens in Japan. All the bond traders do it the same way. And the bond market is I don't know I think it's like 10 15 times the size of the stock market. It's humongous, ginormous. And so what we want to stare down here is does it make sense to take a long if Bitcoin can get up over 89,500? And my suspicion is that it can. And if it does, notice how long they've been accumulating inventory in terms of a range from that 89,500 all the way to 85. And so if we clone that for a measured move, that's going to take us up to 94,700. That's certainly a possibility. My thought is let it come back. See if it can hold the point of control. That's 87,000. And then get yourself along to the upside. It looks pretty good. Truly, it it looks pretty good. And you guys know how bearish I am on Bitcoin, but it it looks pretty good here. Okay, let's go to oil. As we can see, oil is sitting in the same bounce pattern it's been sitting in since last week, right? Holding pretty well. A lot of geopolitical chatter going on here, right? We have two vessels that have been um I don't know what the word is, stopped, held, contained, whatever. And they're after a third vessel. And that is a geopolitical risk more than it actually is a WTI West Texas Intermediate crude event. But it's going to affect our WTI contract, which is what we stare down right here. Notice 57 is where it's sitting. Guess what? Value area low 5720. It came up into that zone, rejected it a little. Old support, potential new resistance. However, look at the momentum. It's pretty solid. We've got higher lows across the board. And if it breaks the width, $2, right? That's 200 ticks at $10 a tick. So, uh, lot of bucks right there. If it actually moves to the north, that puts us at about $59, which interestingly is about 35 cents shy of the point of control, which is where the most contracts have traded. Now, is this going to move up in one big straight line? It could, especially because so many people are short that if it starts hurting them, they're going to unwind and that's going to squeeze like mad. So, there could be a magnificent trade here in oil. maybe pick up a micro so you um aren't sweating bullets watching the trade because you know this is a um a contract that can really if you're in the wrong direction it could hurt very badly in an instant. So try a micro couple of micros looks pretty good to me. I like this trade a lot to the upside. I think dips are pretty solid buy zones. Ideally, I would like for it to come back into the 56 area where the call wall is. See, they've blown through all the call walls already. And so, these guys are going to rotate. They're going to rotate their levels upward over the next couple of days, especially if this holds on. But I would not be surprised if they tried to pull it back, which is why I'm saying, you know, get yourself some micros. And you can see this red area. It's different to the heat map. Notice the heat map shows where they're accumulating. The red zone up above shows us where there's very active resistance. Okay? And that's what we want to stare down. Lower levels we should hold 55 should. Upper levels point of control 59. Okay. Let's take a look at gold. Gold and platinum are just exploding higher. I believe this is geopolitical risk. I also believe it's currency risk. And if I'm Japan and I raise my rates and I expect my yields to pull down on the bond market and it doesn't, I'm going to the market to buy some gold. This is what I'm going to do because it's going to eventually allow me to protect my currency. And I see that this is happening. this this is what I perceive. I have no idea if it's actually happening or not, but this is what I think. And so what does that mean to us? Well, it means dips or buys. So, let's take a look at the channel. You have this big channel in play. The bottom is not holding as well as the top. Although, we could go to that midline right there. Take a look at that. Maybe we just use that midline event right here and we just, you know, leave that to whatever. Now, what that suggests is that we should run into some resistance higher up, but we don't have any trades up there for accumulating price pressures, right? We can see the heat map telling us, hey, we accumulated all the way here. And so my thought would be if we know the heat map is giving us accumulation there, let's draw a Fibonacci and see if we can extend it to the north to see what price action is going to do. And so this gives us one one and a half two two and a half yes to 4500. Martin Armstrong has 4600 to 4635 as a blowoff top. Um he's showing some stuff that shows a panic cycle for the euro in January. And so that um also tells us a little bit of currency stuff might be on the horizon. If we're looking at gold and we're trying to trade it, take have a gander at this. just a rocket launch to the upside here. It's just been, you know, going crazy since it started at the the opening tick. It's just nothing but and see this is Asia, right? It's one in the morning. So, all of this is Asia. Now, in just a few moments, uh let's see what would that be. Um there about eight six hours behind us would be Europe. So, they're getting ready to open up shortly, maybe in a couple hours. And so, then we'll see what goes on from there. But the UK is not in good shape either. They've got uh mucho problem as it goes. Um we are finally starting to accumulate a little bit of inventory instead of one time framing up like we have through the whole space. Just watch it, folks. I would be very careful shorting this. Very, very careful. If it comes in for the dip, it's a great buy zone. What would be my wishing order? or a test of the VWAP at 4,415. Support floors very far below. And if we eliminate the Fibonacci that I just drew here, let's eliminate this one and instead draw the most recent wave high low 150% gives us that 4445. And then of course we have the co wall there at 4460. that's already rotated up. All right. Finally, let's take a look at Spy. Spy has not started printing yet. It doesn't really start printing until 4:00 a.m. But what we can see is that price action is holding steady to the upside and it's got a pretty clean trend on the bottom of it. Right? So, what does this mean? Well, we got two things. One, we had a bunch of resistance here and we're climbing right through it. Here's the storyboard. If it tops like this, you want to look for sideways action and then a rotation forward. So, what could happen? We could gap up at 4 a.m. The next gamma wall is at $682 and then we have an anchored VWAP at $682.50. We could easily gap into those areas. Watch for the fade and the hold of 681 even and that might give us a nice run to the upside. If we lose that 681, it's very likely to go to 680. So, I would step out of the way, let the dollar come back, and then realize we could see something that looks like this where it rotates completely over. Okay, things should be bullish, should quotations, right? But we want to be very careful. And when you're thinking about going long and you go, all right, I'm going long. Remember the the number one thing is to think to yourself, if I'm right, what should not happen? And if you see it happening, then your mind should say, hm, I might not be right. I might be wrong. So, I better get out of this trade instead of doubling down and amplifying your risk. All right, take care everyone. Good luck trading.
