VIDEO 099: https://youtu.be/ya_VNCMGdFY

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone, my name is Anmirie Band and this is the Moneyball morning report for the Benzinga Pro platform for the trading day, Tuesday, December the 16th. As many of you know, [clears throat] I am in Tokyo. So, I am recording this at 3:26 Tokyo time. That's about 1:26 in the morning, Eastern time. And so, we don't have a ton of market data moving up. But what we do see is continued selling pressure. Let's take a look first at the E- Mini S&amp;P. Let's stare down what's going on from a big picture perspective. If we just stare at this 4hour chart, we'll notice that our floor where our put support sits at 6700 was tested several times in the past literally from you know we'd got touches all the way back into what September and we've been dancing around that area ever since. Now that 6700 could easily be tested. What I expect is what we have seen in times past and that is a reversal of formation. And so that that's really what we're looking for. That being said, what we see are lower highs and lower lows while momentum really sits in the middle of the range on this 4hour chart. So as we get back to the 30 minute, what do we want to stare down? volume very thin yesterday, very thin compared to Friday and Thursday and Wednesday waiting on a jobs report um that to be released on Tuesday, December 16th. So, this is telling us that traders said, "Hey, listen. I'm not taking a position right now actively. I'm going to wait until after the news and then we're going to release um the hounds as it were into the market." So, what are we staring down? Lower highs, lower lows. We could move down into this gamma line at 6770. That should be pretty familiar from times past. And then the put wall at 6700. Now, the zerodt put support at this time is sitting at 6,800. I would not be surprised if that rotates down by tomorrow morning, but it would rate uh rotate down into the gamma lines below it. And so that looks like that 6775ish area for us to stare down. We do have seasonality to watch out for. That is something to stare down. But until we make a floor and continue upward, we just don't have anything that tells us that upside pressure is on the horizon right now. Right? We've got ourselves some pretty solid market dips. And rotationally, that's really what what's important for us to look at. Now, staring this down, what do we have for tomorrow? We have the zero DTE call wall and the big call wall up at 7,000. The one day, the one day max is 6935. The one day min is 68.28. That we could easily recover from. The one thing to remember is the following. If you're thinking to yourself, am I looking at a formation I can trade? The number one thing is to say, where have the buyers and sellers been sitting? And you can see them cluttered in the overnight in this box right here with the base of 67.80 and the top at 6795. So if you say, "Hey, I think we could bounce here." you would take the trade right here on the edge and the stop would just be a couple of points lower. If you are the trader that says, well, hey, I want to trade that breakdown. I have trend and momentum in my favor. Then you just do a stop a sell stop at the lower edge at, you know, 67 78, something like that. And you keep your stop somewhere above these wicks right here. So that would really be the way you want to stare it down. Once it breaches the 6795, buyers are going to try to battle to the upside. And we see that happening all the time, right? Notice yesterday's price action very sideways, but they certainly did try to recover. And so we should expect the same kind of wash, rinse, repeat. Right? Here's what we saw. Monday pre-market, Sunday night, inventory all the way up. What did it do? Absolutely corrected, tested the low, tried to hold the upside. Look at where it came into. Just above that 50% level, and then rotated all the way back down. It is what it is, right? And I would not be surprised if overnight we had inventory that pushed us lower and lower and then into the open of the day we had another reflexive bounce. It just is what we are doing and we can see that if we look at the sideways patterns from you know that 4hour formation it clearly tells us that we are not in any kind of trending environment and so that's really really important. Okay, we could see a very big move tomorrow with the jobs number, but it's very likely to reverse. Whatever it is, it just is what it is. That's what we're doing right now. And it could be this awful back and forth all the way until the end of December where, you know, Santa might drop in. All right, let's take a look at the ENQ. NQ much sharper decline staring at the same sort of big wide formation however right very sideways we started holding this area midepptember we're testing it notice it was very jagged but when it held the edges it ran for a pretty good clip and so now we're watching it to see when it can hold the edges this is a pretty good spot to say you know if it fails this area. I'm doing a stop sell so that I can go short under the zone and then test the individual spaces. As long as you've got your support, you're in great place. But this is clearly bounces or sell zones, but we're sitting right in a pocket where a lot of wicks are showing. So, watch for swift reflexive action if you short it and then get out because it's very likely to reverse on you. How do we know? How do we estimate this sort of thing? We don't know. We never know anything about what's going to happen, but we estimate that by all the tremendous wicks that we see in the NQ here. All right. So, big savage down down moment momentum uh today. And so, let's let's do this. Let's draw ourselves the box of inventory. Oh, for the love of Pete. Here we go. Let's try that again. Where's our inventory? Right about here. This is a this is a lot of inventory being collected, right? And then distributed. So, if we do a Fibonacci on that and we say, all right, let's let's just say we choose the bottom to the top where we headed. We broke through this zone here because I like to look at where inventory is absolutely moving. I will sort of move that up just a bit so it catches the real edges of everything. And you can see when it breaks like that, it meshes a lot better with everything. And now we're looking at 24,840 or so. That's a a pretty good spot for traders to start trying to hold the floor. But if they bounce and they cannot hold the ledge, it's going to give us downside rotation into these bigger numbers. Here's another Fibonacci that you can draw. You can take the top of that wave to the bottom of this wave. And lo and behold, we're sitting right at that 50% marker right there. That's pretty important. If we lose that 50% marker, there's an easy way to give us the 75 range. Or we can just, you know, measure it on the Fibonacci if we want. I don't love that. But we could we could say um.25 and then um 75, right? And you can see where those edges come in. 75 would be 24,390. And that's what we're looking at. floor put support floor 24,000 call resistance ceiling 26,000 zero DTE call wall 25,900 the zero DTE put wall 25,400 so we're caught in this big sloppy space but what I want you to be careful about is not hanging on for a trend that you think oh no this is really going to fade. I just need to hold on. The market is not telling us that. It's giving us big reflexive bounces and motion. And there's a lot of money to be made there. If you just pay attention to, well, wait a second. Where are they accumulating inventory? And do I look for the drop? See how nicely this fell apart? Right here. Right at the opening of tonight's trading session. It just fell right out. And now they're building another area of potential support. But if it falls, it's going to liquidate again into the next space below. We just have to say that's my floor. My stop is tight. I can trade support to resistance or resistance to support. And when it breaks, I've got to get out of the trade because easily, you know what? It could hammer a hole right in our head. I mean truly it could really leave us scades. We want to be very careful about that. My suspicion is sharp fades are going to give us a bullish bounce event. Uh that that's just my suspicion. But we want to watch that and we want to make sure that we stop heading lower. That's how we know where we're going to go. All right, let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. I was doing a little bit of studying. Um this afternoon I was on uh Topstep TV and we were talking about the yen carry trade and I was doing some analysis on trend spider using sidekick which is absolutely incredible. But I want to show you what sidekick was talking about. You can pause the um video right here to read through what's the story board is for um this unwind that is coming, right? And so what what this is telling us is what's going to happen with this yen carry trade when the when the Bank of Japan decides it's going to do what it's going to do with rates. And my thought initially was, hey, listen, the carry trade is already baked in. However, Trendpider, not so much. It literally broke down what's going on with the banks, what the moves are looking like for rallies, historical unwinds, all that sort of stuff. And it really took all that data and said, "Hey, listen. The carry trade is not unwound, and there's still a lot of stuff that could unwind." And I found that to be very very interesting. So what we want to watch for are things that happen in the currencies. Now you might go, "Yeah, well what's that got to do with anything for us? It could really give us a jolt in the broad market." And one of the things that's been popular with the carry trade is investment in Bitcoin. And so when the carry trade begins to unwind, this is one of the primary spaces that money starts flowing out of. And I found that to be quite remarkable. Quite remarkable. It did not occur to me that the yen carry could be used in Bitcoin, but indeed it is and has been. And that's, you know, party to the unwind here. So there could be a lot more unwinding to go in Bitcoin if this relationship is actually uh highly correlated. So that being said, what do we have? Still lower highs, lower lows, bounces or sell zones. Sunday night, I took the long trade up into resistance, got out of the trade, and wouldn't you know it, it just fell right through the floorboards, folks. And because we know now from the data that came from the sidekick exploration, we can see why this is still unwinding. I just found that to be so remarkable. So what do we have? We did have our call resistance sit up here now at 97. The 0DTE call wall is still above it at 100. So people are moving reflexively in here. But as I've said many times based on what I understand about options, the level of uh sophistication in the Bitcoin option traders is not nearly as sophisticated as some of our other equities. So these numbers really have them on the back foot a lot. So the zero DTE put support 85,000. Oh, sorry. The put wall is 85,000. The zerodt put support is 77,000. My thought is any big bounce here is going to fade until we're through the BOJ announcement. And so tomorrow when I do this for us, I'll be able to tell us what the BOJ announcement is. Yesterday's anchored VWAP 87,500 and the 1-day max up at 88,000. That would be anywhere between 88,700 and 88,000 would make an absolutely beautiful short in my mind. But look at what's happening, right? Inventory is accumulating. Where is it accumulating? between 85,280 and 86,660. And so if you're trying to trade this pocket, just follow the road signs. Hey, they're buying around here, they're selling around there, and don't hang on for something crazy. Just follow the road signs, and you can always add to the position if you are so inclined. All right, but that's the most straightforward way to trade these charts and realize that trend and momentum here, they're inverse, right? Trend is down, momentum is up. So, they're going to try and bounce, but trend is always master and commander. All right? So, let the bounce occur before you decide you're going to short. And when you see inventory accumulating at the base, your risk event can be very very small. And that's the beauty of trading in these pockets when they start showing up. Okay. All right. Let's get let's take a look at silver. Uh super interesting. As I mentioned, silver is in a rollover space. I don't Silver's probably in rollover specifically into the next contract. But what I mean by rollover is that it is fading and likely not to get to a new high anymore. Now, for some of us, we're going to be like, "Yeah, whatever, lady." And that's okay, right? If I knew exactly what was going to happen every single time, probably wouldn't be here, but maybe I would anyway. I don't know. It depends. That being said, here's what we're looking at. This chart has done a pretty good job of retracing a fair bit of that initial movement. So, let me um let me do this and then yeah, that's good. Let's see where 75 is. Oh, right about here. Right. So, it retraced about 75% of the move, but since it opened in the aftermarket and the um overnight session, it's now it's fading down here. So, let's take a look what else is happening here. If we go from high to low here, we're going to see it's battling right around that 50% range. My thought is sideways pressure. So, ranges up from $63.60 down to $6150. You could trade the bottom or the top, but getting involved in the middle could get very, very messy. You can see some accumulation here. It does look like, you know, they're trying to build a pocket right there. So, you could do it VWAP anchor VWAP. Also, these two edges tell you, hey, listen. If I fail this 6286 area, I could easily come in to 6150 6160. Certainly, that's a possibility. Overall, this is in a very big sideways formation. So, you want to be extremely careful. 0DT put support. Again, that's they're underneath it. They'd want to be above it to be ideal. That number is 63 deep support. The put wall is is 5727. Again, I would not be surprised to see it rotate over. I really would not. Yeah. And the big coal is still at $64.75. Right. Watch out for this one. I don't think it's going to give you the kinds of moves that you, you know, love. You know, the kinds that we love. No, I don't think so. All right. Here's the next one. It's just a bit of a pickle, right? We're taking a look at oil. The put floor of the put wall is $55. The call wall is $60. The zero DTE call wall $57.50. And the ZDTE put wall is the same as the big put wall at $55. Price action continues to fade, right? It's just really um it's really looking quite terrible. We are accumulating a little bit of inventory between 5630 and $56.80, but the bounces are sell zones every single time. So, we really want to watch out for that. Uh could we have a pretty big move based on the jobs number? Maybe. But if it's a big spike up, watch them sell it down. Right. They're aggressively holding prices down. And speaking of holding prices down, take a look at Nat Gas. So, a lot of folks are thinking, "Hey, Net Gas, it's got to lift because, you know, it's freezing here in the States." And listen, it might be what you're thinking, but there are shenanigans going on in the energy space right now, okay? Just trust me, I've seen these charts a million times and they are being aggressively forced down. And so big selloff here in that gas in the trading day. Now it's bouncing just a fair bit, but the bounces are going to be sell zones. If we go to the 30 minute chart, we can see a tremendous amount of activity in the trading day yesterday. This is much very outsized volume. Very very outsized volume both on the downside and on the upside. Look at all of the pressure that is being exerted here. and they still cannot move above old resistance. That's huge. Now, if they happen to do tomorrow, if that happens tomorrow in the trading day, we're going to be looking at movements above $4.55 and then, you know, maybe we get back to $4.60. But that's very, very important. Um, this I Oh, wait. Did this rotate all the way down to here? Yikes. Wait a second. Let's see what I'm looking at. Sorry. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's got it wicked down. Let me hide this VWAP for just a hot minute. Yep. There's the wick all the way down. Holy smokes. Listen, they're manipulating price, folks. So, don't don't fall onto your seasonality stuff quite yet. Things are things are getting a little bit crazy. Let's go to gold. As I mentioned, I believe the gold is in a very big sideways patch. I expect it to come all the way back down to 4,200. Why? Um, having watched gold for many years, when it gets to uh a big fat round number like 4,000 or 3,000, it's going to move, you know, 10% up and down all over the place. the width. Um, it just does it. And so between yesterday's trading day and the day before, so Friday and Monday, what we are staring down is a topping formation that should send us back into old resistance. And wouldn't you know, that's exactly what's happening. So what the traders are going to try and do because there is this pervasive idea that gold has got to continue to rise because the dollar is going to get um shellaced if uh we continue to lower interest rates. I don't quite think it's going to be that easy to trade, right? There's always just a little fly in the ointment that makes this difficult. And so what we can see is the break of a trend line, negative rotation, a fair bit of overnight action, right? That's a fair bit of overnight action here in the Asia markets. Um the market is about to close. It's got about four minutes to close in in uh Asia trade. And so they've they've really done a fair bit here. 1day minimum 4294. That's the floor so far. The call wall for the zero DTE 4365. Resistance for the call wall uh 44 4410 4415 something like that. The ZDT put support is above the chart and that's 4350. Traders are want they're going to want to get above that area. So once they get to that area, if they lose it, statistically speaking, it's going to be another good short, right? The put wall below at 4,100 and another high volume area at about 4,29. My thought it'll be my thought is that it's going to sit inside of this range here between 4,300 and 4376. But the moment that it fades and fails the test, right, it's a look below and go, that's going to give us an expansion to the downside that's about 80 points wide, right? And so if that's 80 points wide, it's going to bring us down into, you know, this 4213 area. And that's where I think it is going to go. That's my suspicion about that. So how would I trade it? I'm going to look for the bounces to sell. Finally, let's take a look at SPY. Rotationally, it's got some downward flow. We are trying to hold this area at 678, but it's been hard fought and a lot of volume getting pushed into these areas and we're still not able to move above it. This is a really important thing to watch. If you see a lot of energy being exerted for price action to lift and it doesn't, it's not a good sign. And I'm seeing a little bit of that. I'm seeing this very heavy. I mean, they're trying so hard to lift it off of these edges and it's not. So, losing 678. Let's see. That would probably give us about six points to the downside. And that would be underneath the put support. Well, you know, maybe right at the zero DT put support at 675. That's the floor of that rotation, I imagine. But everybody's on pins and needles about the jobs number tomorrow. So, be careful. Watch your formations. Nothing wrong with taking quick strike trades as long as you zoom in and you go, "Okay, wait a second. Everybody's been buying here and selling up here. So, if they stop doing that, I know I have a short." It really is as simple as that because the lines tell us where they're not allowing trade. And when they start allowing that kind of trade, they're going to rotate down into the next ledges of support. And we're seeing that. We saw that um close to the end of the trading day. All right. Okay, everybody. That's it for me. I know that's a little bit long, but I really did want to take a look at Matt Gas and Silver. Good luck with everything. No update tomorrow. Um but we will have an update on uh Thursday and Friday. Okay, take care everybody. I'll see you on the streams.
