VIDEO 100: https://youtu.be/RLYP0SFQuTs

Remember, please hit like and subscribe for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi everyone. Today's Monday, December the 15th, and this is the Moneyball Morning Report for the Benza Pro platform. As you know, I am um in Tokyo and so we're gonna get maybe three of these a week. Probably going to record it sometime around this time. So, inventory will be different. It'll start to correct probably a little bit later, but this is what we've got going for us. So, let's roll with it as we can. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. So this morning we are looking at the zero DTE put wall at 6,800. The zero DTE call wall at 7,000. Um this was 6850. It has been rotated up for the new lines in sand. You can see that we're sitting in very sideways formation. Vbop is flat to slightly up. We are in a buy the dip formation that is continuing. Why is it a buy the dip formation? You can clearly see we are holding higher lows. Now watch for those wicks because they have been fairly significant. Okay, inventory is quite long here from this opening range. And so we're going to watch this value area low, the 6818 as the potential floor, but I would suspect it is much higher, closer to the 1-day minimum, which is 6835. If we have a look at the broad formation, we can see that inventory accumulation is occurring at that 6850 wall that I mentioned. And so we're going to be looking at the breach of that 6850 for continuation to the upside. Right? That's what we're going to be looking for. Next stop after that will be these edges here. And that would be 6856 all the way to the VWAP at 6861. And if it continues, because the shorts are probably going to get squeezed if they don't unwind pre-market. If they unwind pre-market, we'll probably have ourselves another runup. Notice what price formations have been looking like. In general, it's up and down and then down and up and up and down and down and up. So, it's just wash, rinse, repeat in a much broader widening formation. And so, that formation should begin to collapse and move. It is still a buy the dip formation. And I do believe that although we might have retracement, we're setting up for Santa Claus rally that could easily get us into this call wall at 7,000 to the upside. So, that would be pretty nice. As I mentioned on uh the market kickoff last night, um because the VIX expires after the current expiration that we have here, we're going to have a flip of flows, which could make the beginning of January a little bit sticky, but we'll see about that. Right now, what we are seeing is dips or buys. So, we'll rotate back into that. The anchored VWAP from Friday's session is 6875. That seems like a legitimate area for final target up into 68.887. Below we have the zero DTE put support at 6,800 and then once again that large put support at 6700. the line in the sand for waiting around for that long. My thought is if it loses 6830, I would say don't try to buy the dip until it's recovered 6830 and you can see where your risk threshold is from there. Right? So that would be my above below as it were. All right, let me erase these lines because I don't want to see any of these annotations. Here we are looking at the NQ. Same sort of thing. Inventory a little bit long. It does look a fair bit weaker than the ES, but it's still in a flow that could give us higher lows. Um, I don't like this line, so I'm going to delete it. I think this line's a little bit arbitrary. Okay, we can see higher lows. So, we know that the traders are buying the dip. We are sitting above the VWAP just like the ES. We have positive momentum. So, it's all about how well we hold the floor and how far we move below. Let's see what the gamma lines are. We've got our zero DTE put support. Whoa. Okay. The zerod put support is 25,400. The big put wall is 24,000. That's very far below. The one day minimum sits at 25,200. If it loses that line, be careful buying the dip. It could fade pretty significantly. The gamma flows show us 25,000 and then 25,100. So, we we definitely want to be careful if it loses 25,200 because there's a 100 point pocket underneath there that it could fall into. The value area low is going to be the number that the NQ has got to get over. Again, remember this one is a bit weaker than the ES. And that really is a rotational flow. Everybody's talking about, oh my goodness, what's going on with the AI trade? and then, you know, Gemini coming out and beating the pants off uh Sam Alman and some new whatever that they were measuring. And so I think people are just a little bit nervous about everything actually. So this one's going to be interesting to see how well they recover. Let's take a look at where inventories been accumulating. Looks like the top of the range 25,279. So we'll say 280 down to 25,240. So we got about a 40 point range. That's a fair place to make money. You know, buy the dip there. But you want to be careful as it le if it leaks down past this 25,200, you know, there's going to be a problem with a a potential deeper rotation. So I would trade this box if it stays here. realize that inventory does tend to correct. Notice um in one way or another. If we were looking at Friday, we could see that inventory held solid, faded into the pre-market, and right about 900 p.m. Tokyo time, 9:00 p.m. Tokyo time, which would have been uh 7 a.m. Eastern. Inventory began to correct. Right. So we are going to see some sort of inventory correction. Just watch out for that and prepare accordingly. Okay. So um value area low 25,300 zero DT put support 25,400. Um the call walls 25,900 and call resistance 26,000. Those are very far away. And so this also tells me they're looking for rotation to the upside. If this had collapsed in this particular way, you would expect if they weren't expecting a reversal, you would expect the walls to come down with it, the zerodt pull walls to come down, the call walls to come down. As it sits, they're still far to the north. So this tells me they're expecting that Santa rally right back into the volume pocket up here. So this is the undercurrent of the broad options market. This is what they're thinking. So they could be right, they could be wrong. We'll just see where they're positioning. Upward flows. You're just going to walk through these edges. Downward flows. We only have two gamma lines that come down into 25,000 before there's a $1,000 movement into the low pocket. So, I don't see that at all. I I I actually don't see that at all. [snorts] All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin. So, if you watched me on Market Kickoff, I got on the back foot because the the Bloomberg uh channel that I was looking at on um the web had to translate from Japanese and instead of futures where I went to, it just went to markets. And so, it was actually giving me what it had done the day before, not how the futures market was setting up. And so the big gap down that I was reading is all the flow from the prior day, but knucklehead Fred over here didn't realize it was showing markets and not futures. And so when we opened up pretty much even, I expected it to have a fade and it didn't. And so we are in a buy the dip. And that includes what's going on with Micro Bitcoin. It filled the gap very nicely. really nice trade. Many of you know I went long at the at the recovery off of the first fiveminute candlestick formation and then wrote it literally all the way up. It did not um it closed on its own to the north. Okay. So, what are we staring down here? We're looking at price action that is really a bit sideways, but the put wall has fallen to 85,000 and the call wall is 97,000. So, they are also waiting on some kind of rally. I'm just not sure that that it's got a rally on it. That being said, they're they are buying the dips. They have come into the 90,000 area. That's where the old put wall was sitting. There's also a call wall that was sitting there. So there's a lot of congestion here. How do you know that? The volume profile, see how this is biodal. Biodal means there are two areas of big pockets. So there's a big pocket of trading here down at 90,000. A big pocket of trading here up at 92,000. That's where the old most recent call wall is. And now it's moved itself all the way up to 97. That's a lot of price motion. So rotationally they are also preparing for upside motion. Where is that going to move out? My thought is if it gets above 90,000 um let's see where it is. Thursday's anchored VWAP. That's at 90,900. it's going to have a much higher probability of heading up to 92,000 as long as it stays under 90,000 here. The rotation down is still the most likely. If we do a trend line, you can see that there's a fair bounce here, right? And so 91,000 could be the zone where it just stops dead. I think this one's very sticky to trade. It looks a lot like uh oil maybe. All right. It It just looks very very messy. So, I'd be careful trading this one. Volume pockets are very wide and jagged. So, wait for the floor of a formation to go long. Wait for the ceiling of a formation to go short. All right. Let's before we go to any of the others, I don't want to forget, but let's go to silver. Silver's in a very interesting space. Um, let me make sure that that is not uh [snorts] let's see. Okay, it's definitely not three. It's got to be two. So, here is silver. And the reason that I want to just touch on silver is the following. On Friday, we had a massive liquidation. It took out three days of motion and traders are buying the dip. Here's the thing about silver. When it gets on a massive run, which is pretty rare, right? It gets on these runs and then sits in these wide pockets for months just going sideways. And so it had a jagged couple of months between October and November. [snorts] And if we draw, let's do Fibonacci here. Right, here's the wave. Here's the last wave. Now, two things are happening. One, this call wall at 6475, it was 6450, but this call wall at 6475 is a very big call wall. And what happened on Friday with all of the downside rotation, there was not a lot of call buying on the way down. There was not a lot of put buying on the way down either, but they're also not selling puts, meaning the rotation to the upside they're being very cautious about. So, what's the bottom line for you and me as traders looking at this? You want to, if you're trading silver, you want to make sure that you look to the left and [snorts] you trim your gains going into prior resistance. That would be old support. Okay. So, the call wall for the zero DTE is 6327. It's also value area high. We want to watch out for that. Dips are still buys of course, but it does not look like a runaway train. So, be very careful buying the breakouts. Make sure that your risk is managed. Now, I'm not saying to you don't go long silver. What I'm saying to you is if you go long silver, make sure that you are measuring your rotations properly and prepare a place to take some gains. All right. So, this target at 6301 and [snorts] then 6321. It looks like it's got maybe 20 cent moves to the upside, which of course, as you know, is a ton of money for silver since it is a very leveraged and large instrument. Just if it starts breaking candlestick [snorts] supports two candles away, you know you've got an issue. My my thought would be be very careful holding this contract thinking it's going to rotate up. It's not not necessarily the case. All right, let's get to oil. Someone asked, "Hey, are we still in um rollover?" And the answer is yes. All these contracts are still in rollover. Of course, oil and gold rotate every month. So, what we have here? Okay. So, what do we see? We had a pretty solid bounce off of the floor where we're sitting. Oil is testing [snorts] higher lows, but we're also coming into very significant resistance. Remember, the goal is to keep prices down so that inflation does not take hold. Here is the flip side of that. [snorts] Because we live in a capitalist environment, there's not going to be a lot of impetus to invest in the region if price action continues lower. And indeed the US break even spot depends on who you ask is between [snorts] 50 and $55 a barrel and we're sitting here at 57. And so I would expect just like we did a farm subsidy, I would not be surprised to see some sort of oil subsidy or oil company [clears throat] subsidies to keep these guys in business as price actions continue lower. I I I don't know, but that's my that's my uh you know guess. Where are we accumulating inventory? Between $57 and 5780. Really, it's 5770 and 57.80. So 10-cent move still. It's kind of a tight range, but certainly, you know, wash, rinse, repeat with uh two or three contracts, you can make a ton of money there. If it loses the floor of 5760, it probably is going to rotate down. This is the first chart we've looked at that is actually sitting above the anchored VWAP of Friday. Right now, it's still in negative flow and we've got a few levels to watch. upward value area high 58 value area low 5710 or so 0DTE put support at 5650 and the call wall up at 5950 that's literally where the chart's been sitting give or take 50 cents for the entire month. Okay. And could we have a bounce? Yes. But every bounce is going to get sold until it doesn't. So, no idea how they're going to keep flows down uh or keep prices down because um yeah, there a lot going on there. So, be careful dips or buys but only into resistance. You want to be very careful about your floors there. Okay, let's take a look at gold. So, you remember that I did say that I thought that gold had reached its high and it came dangerously close to breaching that um the other day. Where is this? Right. See how close we are? Last time it's October 20th was the last time we had a high. It looks pretty good, right? A lot of people arguing that gold is going to continue to break out based on what's going on with the dollar. You know, I I don't know if uh I don't know. I know I'm being very non-escript there. Let's just take a look at what's happening right now. So, it is in a buy the dip formation. It's holding a zone. The call wall is 4415. The zerodt call wall is 4440. So they are expecting a push to the north here. If the dollar continues to fade, chances are this will continue to rise. Um, we had the interest rate release and naturally that pushed it higher. Right? Here's Wednesday's FOMC release. Looked to be baked in the cake, but the pullback held the floor and then it rotated up again on Thursday. Huge rotation here. And notice liquidation break the entire market structure. So, we had a ton of correlation into the afternoon events from [snorts] that liquidation break, but price action has continued upward since then. So, what have we got going on? Movement up into these call walls seem very likely. It looks like we could potentially break into a new high where I would have to eat my hat if it happens to do that. But it does clearly look like dip buying. I would just wait for the dip, right? Because the rotations, if you buy the breakout and you don't immediately go for profit, this could get pretty ugly, right? About 2:30 Tokyo time today, that would have been uh midnight or 12:30 Eastern time, we had a big pop to the upside. And now we're in sideways rotation. We've got a 1day max at 4398. Rotation down to retest value area high. That's where I think the best buy is down here at value area high 4335. If it loses that zone, I I would not try to buy any dips unless you're seeing a really nice reflexive rotation. buying in this pocket without waiting for it to rotate back like it does there. That would be not not very good. All right. Finally, let's take a look at Spy. Um has Spy started printing yet? I don't think so. Um yeah, maybe maybe it's got one pocket here. What is Spy showing us? Very sideways pressure. Let's get rid of all the annotations here so we can get a more clean chart. Looks a lot like the ES, right? Higher highs, lower lows trying to hold the bottom. Look at this volume profile here on the side. It gives us a [snorts] low end of 681 value area low. That is probably going to be dip buying. This chart is underneath its VWAP because it just has not started printing any candlesticks yet. That says 13th, not 15th, Emory. So, it is showing us some kind of dip buying. So, it should gap up when it begins to print at 4 a.m. Eastern. And we've got high areas at 683 for a topping edge. Yes. Here's the thing. If in the course of business on Friday, people said, "Hey, I'm going short and this is my real break." Markets are going to rotate downward. If they come in and they see a gap up, they're going to get caught on the back foot and we're going to have a squeeze to the north. Very likely to rotate all the way back up at 689. That flow could be super savage if there a lot of people trapped short here. So you want to be very careful about thinking that price action is going to do one thing where it ends up doing another. Dip buying certainly the case, but if you're looking for following the flow, it could catch a bid and then rotate up very very quickly. All right. Um call wall 690 for the zero DTE 700. That's the big call wall. the put support 670 and the zero DTE put wall 680. So dips clearly by zones. A lot of things are rotating, but it's going to be buy into prior resistance and then anticipate another fade. price action ought to square itself out or at least start to get a little bit more choppy for the next five trading days and then we should start to see the Santa rally come. Remember, Santa rally normally starts after Christmas. All right, so there you have it. That's it for me. Take care, folks, and I'll talk to you soon.
